---
subcategory: "Big Data Service"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_bds_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configurations"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-bds-bds_instance_bds_certificate_configurations"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Bds Instance Bds Certificate Configurations in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Big Data Service service
---

# Data Source: oci_bds_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configurations
This data source provides the list of Bds Instance Bds Certificate Configurations in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Big Data Service service.

Returns a list of BDS certificate configurations associated with this Big Data Service cluster.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_bds_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configurations" "test_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configurations" {
	#Required
	bds_instance_id = oci_bds_bds_instance.test_bds_instance.id

	#Optional
	display_name = var.bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration_display_name
	state = var.bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration_state
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bds_instance_id` - (Required) The OCID of the cluster.
* `display_name` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name given.
* `state` - (Optional) The state of the BdsCertificateConfiguration.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `bds_certificate_configurations` - The list of bds_certificate_configurations.

### BdsInstanceBdsCertificateConfiguration Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `bds_instance_id` - The OCID of the bdsInstance which is the parent resource id.
* `certificate_authority_id` - The OCID of the certificate authority which is associated with this certificate configuration. The value is Null when this BDS certificate configuration type is SELF_SIGNED.
* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment of the certificate authority connecting to this certificate configuration.
* `display_name` - The display name of the BDS certificate configuration.
* `id` - The ID of the BDS certificate configuration defined under BDS resources, not OCID.
* `is_default_configuration` - If this BDS certificate configuration is a default configuration or not. There will be only one Default certificate configuration per BDS cluster.
* `state` - The lifecycle status of the BDS certificate configuration.
* `time_created` - The time when the BDS certificate configuration was created, shown as an RFC 3339 formatted datetime string.
* `time_last_refreshed_or_generated` - The last time the BDS certificate configuration was used to generate or renew the certificate(s).
* `time_updated` - The time the BDS certificate configuration was updated, shown as an RFC 3339 formatted datetime string.
* `type` - The type of the BDS certificate configuration, also the type of the BDS certificates which will be generated by the BDS certificate configuration.

