---
subcategory: "Budget"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_budget_cost_anomaly_events"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-budget-cost_anomaly_events"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Cost Anomaly Events in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service
---

# Data Source: oci_budget_cost_anomaly_events
This data source provides the list of Cost Anomaly Events in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service.

Gets a list of Cost Anomaly Event in a compartment.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_budget_cost_anomaly_events" "test_cost_anomaly_events" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id

	#Optional
	cost_anomaly_monitor_id = oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitor.test_cost_anomaly_monitor.id
	cost_impact = var.cost_anomaly_event_cost_impact
	cost_impact_percentage = var.cost_anomaly_event_cost_impact_percentage
	name = var.cost_anomaly_event_name
	region = var.cost_anomaly_event_region
	target_tenant_id = oci_budget_target_tenant.test_target_tenant.id
	time_anomaly_event_end_date = var.cost_anomaly_event_time_anomaly_event_end_date
	time_anomaly_event_start_date = var.cost_anomaly_event_time_anomaly_event_start_date
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `compartment_id` - (Required) The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.
* `cost_anomaly_monitor_id` - (Optional) The cost monitor ocid.
* `cost_impact` - (Optional) cost impact (absolute) of the anomaly event.
* `cost_impact_percentage` - (Optional) cost impact (percentage) of the anomaly event.
* `name` - (Optional) Unique, non-changeable resource name. 
* `region` - (Optional) region of the anomaly event.
* `target_tenant_id` - (Optional) The target tenantId ocid filter param.
* `time_anomaly_event_end_date` - (Optional) endDate for anomaly event date.
* `time_anomaly_event_start_date` - (Optional) startDate for anomaly event date.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `cost_anomaly_event_collection` - The list of cost_anomaly_event_collection.

### CostAnomalyEvent Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment.
* `cost_anomaly_name` - The name of the associated cost monitor.
* `cost_impact` - The cost impact of the detected anomaly.
* `cost_monitor_id` - The OCID of the associated cost monitor.
* `cost_monitor_name` - The name of the associated cost monitor.
* `cost_monitor_type` - Type of cost monitor
* `cost_variance_percentage` - The cost variance percentage of the detected anomaly.
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `feedback_response` - The feedback response for the cost anomaly event.
* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The OCID of the Cost Anomaly Event.
* `root_cause_detail` - The root cause details of the cost anomaly event.
	* `value` - The json object representing the root cause details of the anomaly event.
* `state` - The current state of the cost anomaly event.
* `system_tags` - System tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). System tags can be viewed by users, but can only be created by the system.  Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `target_resource_filter` - The filter object to target resources for cost monitor.  Cost generated by one or more resources identified by this  filter is monitored for anomalous deviations. 
* `time_anomaly_event_date` - The event date of the anomaly event.
* `time_created` - The created time of the cost anomaly event.
* `time_updated` - The updated time of the cost anomaly event.

