---
subcategory: "Budget"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitors"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-budget-cost_anomaly_monitors"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Cost Anomaly Monitors in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service
---

# Data Source: oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitors
This data source provides the list of Cost Anomaly Monitors in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service.

Gets a list of Cost Anomaly Monitors in a compartment.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitors" "test_cost_anomaly_monitors" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id

	#Optional
	name = var.cost_anomaly_monitor_name
	region = var.cost_anomaly_monitor_region
	state = var.cost_anomaly_monitor_state
	target_tenant_id = oci_budget_target_tenant.test_target_tenant.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `compartment_id` - (Required) The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.
* `name` - (Optional) Unique, non-changeable resource name. 
* `region` - (Optional) Cost Anomaly Monitor target resource filter region.
* `state` - (Optional) The current state of the cost monitor.
* `target_tenant_id` - (Optional) The target tenantId ocid filter param.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `cost_anomaly_monitor_collection` - The list of cost_anomaly_monitor_collection.

### CostAnomalyMonitor Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment.
* `cost_alert_subscription_map` - The mapping of cost monitor to alert subscription along with thresholds.
	* `cost_alert_subscription_id` - The costAlertSubscription ocid which the cost monitor alert maps to.
	* `operator` - The filter operator. Example: 'AND', 'OR'.
	* `threshold_absolute_value` - The absolute threshold value.
	* `threshold_relative_percent` - The relative percentage threshold value.
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `description` - The description of the budget.
* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The OCID of the Cost Anomaly Monitor.
* `lifecycle_details` - The current state details of the cost monitor. 
* `name` - The name of the cost anomaly monitor. Avoid entering confidential information.
* `state` - The current state of the cost monitor.
* `system_tags` - System tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). System tags can be viewed by users, but can only be created by the system.  Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `target_resource_filter` - The filter object to target resources for cost monitor.  Cost generated by one or more resources identified by this  filter is monitored for anomalous deviations. 
* `time_created` - The time that the cost monitor was created.
* `time_updated` - The time that the cost monitor was last updated.
* `type` - Type of cost monitor

