---
subcategory: "Certificates Management"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_certificates_management_associations"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-certificates_management-associations"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Associations in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Certificates Management service
---

# Data Source: oci_certificates_management_associations
This data source provides the list of Associations in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Certificates Management service.

Lists all associations that match the query parameters.
Optionally, you can use the parameter `FilterByAssociationIdQueryParam` to limit the result set to a single item that matches the specified association.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_certificates_management_associations" "test_associations" {

	#Optional
	associated_resource_id = oci_certificates_management_associated_resource.test_associated_resource.id
	association_id = oci_certificates_management_association.test_association.id
	association_type = var.association_association_type
	certificates_resource_id = oci_certificates_management_certificates_resource.test_certificates_resource.id
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id
	name = var.association_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `associated_resource_id` - (Optional) A filter that returns only resources that match the given OCID of an associated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resource.
* `association_id` - (Optional) The OCID of the association. If the parameter is set to null, the service lists all associations.
* `association_type` - (Optional) Type of associations to list. If the parameter is set to null, the service lists all types of associations.
* `certificates_resource_id` - (Optional) A filter that returns only resources that match the given OCID of a certificate-related resource.
* `compartment_id` - (Optional) A filter that returns only resources that match the given compartment OCID.
* `name` - (Optional) A filter that returns only resources that match the specified name.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `association_collection` - The list of association_collection.

### Association Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `associated_resource_id` - The OCID of the associated resource.
* `association_type` - Type of the association.
* `certificates_resource_id` - The OCID of the certificate-related resource associated with another Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resource.
* `compartment_id` - The compartment OCID of the association, which is strongly tied to the compartment OCID of the certificate-related resource.
* `id` - The OCID of the association.
* `name` - A user-friendly name generated by the service for the association, expressed in a format that follows the pattern: [certificatesResourceEntityType]-[associatedResourceEntityType]-UUID. 
* `state` - The current lifecycle state of the association.
* `time_created` - A property indicating when the association was created, expressed in [RFC 3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339) timestamp format. Example: `2019-04-03T21:10:29.600Z` 

