---
subcategory: "Certificates Management"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_certificates_management_association"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-certificates_management-association"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Association in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Certificates Management service
---

# Data Source: oci_certificates_management_association
This data source provides details about a specific Association resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Certificates Management service.

Gets details about the specified association.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_certificates_management_association" "test_association" {
	#Required
	association_id = oci_certificates_management_association.test_association.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `association_id` - (Required) The OCID of an association between a certificate-related resource and another Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resource.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `associated_resource_id` - The OCID of the associated resource.
* `association_type` - Type of the association.
* `certificates_resource_id` - The OCID of the certificate-related resource associated with another Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resource.
* `compartment_id` - The compartment OCID of the association, which is strongly tied to the compartment OCID of the certificate-related resource.
* `id` - The OCID of the association.
* `name` - A user-friendly name generated by the service for the association, expressed in a format that follows the pattern: [certificatesResourceEntityType]-[associatedResourceEntityType]-UUID. 
* `state` - The current lifecycle state of the association.
* `time_created` - A property indicating when the association was created, expressed in [RFC 3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339) timestamp format. Example: `2019-04-03T21:10:29.600Z` 

