---
subcategory: "Cloud Migrations"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_cloud_migrations_migration_assets"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-cloud_migrations-migration_assets"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Migration Assets in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Migrations service
---

# Data Source: oci_cloud_migrations_migration_assets
This data source provides the list of Migration Assets in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Migrations service.

Returns a list of migration assets.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_cloud_migrations_migration_assets" "test_migration_assets" {

	#Optional
	display_name = var.migration_asset_display_name
	migration_asset_id = oci_cloud_migrations_migration_asset.test_migration_asset.id
	migration_id = oci_cloud_migrations_migration.test_migration.id
	state = var.migration_asset_state
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `display_name` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources that match the entire given display name.
* `migration_asset_id` - (Optional) Unique migration asset identifier
* `migration_id` - (Optional) Unique migration identifier
* `state` - (Optional) The current state of the migration asset.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `migration_asset_collection` - The list of migration_asset_collection.

### MigrationAsset Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `availability_domain` - Availability domain
* `compartment_id` - Compartment Identifier
* `depended_on_by` - List of migration assets that depend on the asset.
* `depends_on` - List of migration assets that depends on the asset.
* `display_name` - A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it's changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.
* `id` - Asset ID generated by mirgration service. It is used in the mirgration service pipeline.
* `lifecycle_details` - A message describing the current state in more detail. For example, it can be used to provide actionable information for a resource in Failed state.
* `migration_id` - OCID of the associated migration.
* `notifications` - List of notifications
* `parent_snapshot` - The parent snapshot of the migration asset to be used by the replication task.
* `replication_compartment_id` - Replication compartment identifier
* `replication_schedule_id` - Replication schedule identifier
* `snap_shot_bucket_name` - Name of snapshot bucket
* `snapshots` - Key-value pair representing disks ID mapped to the OCIDs of replicated or hydration server volume snapshots. Example: `{"bar-key": "value"}` 
	* `unmodified_volume_id` - ID of the unmodified volume
	* `uuid` - ID of the vCenter disk obtained from Inventory.
	* `volume_id` - ID of the hydration server volume
	* `volume_type` - The hydration server volume type
* `source_asset_data` - Key-value pair representing asset metadata keys and values scoped to a namespace. Example: `{"bar-key": "value"}` 
* `source_asset_id` - OCID that is referenced to an asset for an inventory.
* `state` - The current state of the migration asset.
* `tenancy_id` - Tenancy identifier
* `time_created` - The time when the migration asset was created. An RFC3339 formatted datetime string.
* `time_updated` - The time when the migration asset was updated. An RFC3339 formatted datetime string.
* `type` - The type of asset referenced for inventory.

