---
subcategory: "Core"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_core_byoip_ranges"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-core-byoip_ranges"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Byoip Ranges in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Core service
---

# Data Source: oci_core_byoip_ranges
This data source provides the list of Byoip Ranges in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Core service.

Lists the ByoipRange objects in the specified compartment.
You can filter the list by using query parameters.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_core_byoip_ranges" "test_byoip_ranges" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id

	#Optional
	display_name = var.byoip_range_display_name
	state = var.byoip_range_state
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `compartment_id` - (Required) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment.
* `display_name` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources that match the given display name exactly. 
* `state` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources that match the given lifecycle state name exactly. 


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `byoip_range_collection` - The list of byoip_range_collection.

### ByoipRange Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `cidr_block` - The address range the user is on-boarding.
* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment containing the Byoip Range. 
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `display_name` - A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it's changeable. Avoid entering confidential information. 
* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The Oracle ID (OCID) of the Byoip Range.
* `lifecycle_details` - The Byoip Range's current substate.
* `state` - The Byoip Range's current state.
* `time_advertised` - The date and time the Byoip Range was advertised, in the format defined by [RFC3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339).  Example: `2016-08-25T21:10:29.600Z` 
* `time_created` - The date and time the Byoip Range was created, in the format defined by [RFC3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339).  Example: `2016-08-25T21:10:29.600Z` 
* `time_validated` - The date and time the Byoip Range was validated, in the format defined by [RFC3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339).  Example: `2016-08-25T21:10:29.600Z` 
* `time_withdrawn` - The date and time the Byoip Range was withdrawn, in the format defined by [RFC3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339).  Example: `2016-08-25T21:10:29.600Z` 
* `validation_token` - This is an internally generated ASCII string that the user will then use as part of the validation process. Specifically, they will need to add the token string generated by the service to their Internet Registry record.

