---
subcategory: "Database Tools"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_toolsets"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-database_tools-database_tools_mcp_toolsets"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Database Tools Mcp Toolsets in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Tools service
---

# Data Source: oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_toolsets
This data source provides the list of Database Tools Mcp Toolsets in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Tools service.

Returns a list of Database Tools Toolsets.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_toolsets" "test_database_tools_mcp_toolsets" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id

	#Optional
	database_tools_mcp_server_id = oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_server.test_database_tools_mcp_server.id
	display_name = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_display_name
	state = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_state
	type = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_type
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `compartment_id` - (Required) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment in which to list resources.
* `database_tools_mcp_server_id` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources matching the specified `databaseToolsMcpServerId`.
* `display_name` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources that match the entire specified display name.
* `state` - (Optional) A filter to return resources only when their `databaseToolsMcpToolsetLifecycleState` matches the specified `databaseToolsMcpToolsetLifecycleState`.
* `type` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources with one of the specified type values.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `database_tools_mcp_toolset_collection` - The list of database_tools_mcp_toolset_collection.

### DatabaseToolsMcpToolset Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `allowed_roles` - The roles granted access to the MCP tool generated by this toolset
* `compartment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment to move the Database Tools MCP Toolset to.
* `database_tools_mcp_server_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the related Database Tools McpServer.
* `default_execution_type` - The default execution type for the toolset. The default value is SYNCHRONOUS.

	To use ASYNCHRONOUS execution, the MCP Server must have the storage property configured. 
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. Example: `{"foo-namespace.bar-key": "value"}` 
* `description` - A human readable description of the Database Tools MCP toolset.
* `display_name` - A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique and can be updated. Avoid entering confidential information.
* `freeform_tags` - Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name, type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: `{"bar-key": "value"}` 
* `generative_ai_semantic_store_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the related Generative AI Semantic Store.
* `id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the Database Tools MCP Toolsets.
* `lifecycle_details` - A message describing the current state in more detail. For example, this message can be used to provide actionable information for a resource in the Failed state.
* `locks` - Locks associated with this resource.
	* `message` - A message added by the creator of the lock. This is typically used to give an indication of why the resource is locked. 
	* `related_resource_id` - The id of the resource that is locking this resource. Indicates that deleting this resource will remove the lock. 
	* `time_created` - When the lock was created.
	* `type` - Type of the lock.
* `reports` - List of Database Tools Customizable reporting tools
	* `allowed_roles` - The roles granted access to this report
	* `database_tools_sql_report_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the report OCID of sql report.
* `source` - The SQL source. Can contain multiple statements with a mix of queries, DML, DCL, DLL and scripts.
	* `type` - The sql toolset sources type. INLINE is the only possible value.
	* `value` - The SQL source. Can contain multiple statements with a mix of queries, DML, DCL, DLL and scripts.
* `state` - The current state of the Database Tools MCP Toolset.
* `system_tags` - Usage of system tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to namespaces. Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `time_created` - The time the Database Tools MCP server was created. An RFC3339 formatted datetime string.
* `time_updated` - The time the Database Tools MCP server was updated. An RFC3339 formatted datetime string.
* `tool_description` - Instructions describing how to use the MCP toolset and its features. This can be used to improve the LLM's understanding of the tool.
* `tool_name` - Name of the tool returned by the MCP Server
* `tools` - List of Database Tools Customizable reporting tools
	* `allowed_roles` - The roles granted access to this MCP tool
	* `display_name` - The display name of the tool
	* `name` - The name of the tool
	* `status` - The status of the tool
* `type` - The Database Tools MCP Toolset type.
* `variables` - The variables to use with the query
	* `description` - The description of the variable
	* `name` - The name of the variable
	* `type` - The type of the variable
* `version` - The MCP toolset version

