---
subcategory: "Database Management"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_database_management_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_executions"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-database_management-managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_executions"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Managed Database Optimizer Statistics Advisor Executions in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Management service
---

# Data Source: oci_database_management_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_executions
This data source provides the list of Managed Database Optimizer Statistics Advisor Executions in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Management service.

Lists the details of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor task executions, such as their duration, and the number of findings, if any.
Optionally, you can specify a date-time range (of seven days) to obtain the list of executions that fall within the specified time range.
If the date-time range is not specified, then the executions in the last seven days are listed.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_database_management_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_executions" "test_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_executions" {
	#Required
	managed_database_id = oci_database_management_managed_database.test_managed_database.id

	#Optional
	end_time_less_than_or_equal_to = var.managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution_end_time_less_than_or_equal_to
	start_time_greater_than_or_equal_to = var.managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution_start_time_greater_than_or_equal_to
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `end_time_less_than_or_equal_to` - (Optional) The end time of the time range to retrieve the optimizer statistics of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is "yyyy-MM-dd'T'hh:mm:ss.sss'Z'". 
* `managed_database_id` - (Required) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the Managed Database.
* `start_time_greater_than_or_equal_to` - (Optional) The start time of the time range to retrieve the optimizer statistics of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is "yyyy-MM-dd'T'hh:mm:ss.sss'Z'". 


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `optimizer_statistics_advisor_executions_collection` - The list of optimizer_statistics_advisor_executions_collection.

### ManagedDatabaseOptimizerStatisticsAdvisorExecution Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `database` - The summary of the Managed Database resource.
	* `compartment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment in which the Managed Database resides.
	* `db_deployment_type` - The infrastructure used to deploy the Oracle Database.
	* `db_sub_type` - The subtype of the Oracle Database. Indicates whether the database is a Container Database, Pluggable Database, Non-container Database, Autonomous Database, or Autonomous Container Database. 
	* `db_type` - The type of Oracle Database installation.
	* `db_version` - The version of the Oracle Database.
	* `id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the Managed Database.
	* `name` - The name of the Managed Database.
* `error_message` - The errors in the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution, if any.
* `execution_name` - The name of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `findings` - The number of findings generated by the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `report` - A report that includes the rules, findings, recommendations, and actions discovered during the execution of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor. 
	* `rules` - The list of rules that were not adhered to by the Optimizer Statistics Collection.
		* `description` - The description of the rule.
		* `findings` - The list of findings for the rule.
			* `details` - The details of the schema or operation.
				* `operations` - The list of operation details.
				* `schemas` - The names of the impacted database schemas and their objects.
					* `name` - The name of the schema.
					* `objects` - The names of schema objects.
			* `message` - A high-level overview of the findings of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor.
			* `recommendations` - The list of recommendations.
				* `example` - An example of the recommendation.
					* `lines` - The list of examples for the recommendation.
						* `comment` - The comments about the operation.
						* `operation` - The details of the example operation.
				* `message` - An overview of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor recommendation.
				* `rationales` - The rationale of the recommendation.
					* `message` - The message of the rationale.
		* `name` - The name of the rule.
	* `summary` - A summary of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `status` - The status of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `status_message` - The Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution status message, if any.
* `task_name` - The name of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor task.
* `time_end` - The end time of the time range to retrieve the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is "yyyy-MM-dd'T'hh:mm:ss.sss'Z'". 
* `time_start` - The start time of the time range to retrieve the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is "yyyy-MM-dd'T'hh:mm:ss.sss'Z'". 

