---
subcategory: "Database Management"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_database_management_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-database_management-managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Managed Database Optimizer Statistics Advisor Execution in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Management service
---

# Data Source: oci_database_management_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution
This data source provides details about a specific Managed Database Optimizer Statistics Advisor Execution resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Management service.

Gets a comprehensive report of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution, which includes details of the
Managed Database, findings, recommendations, rationale, and examples.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_database_management_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution" "test_managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution" {
	#Required
	execution_name = var.managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution_execution_name
	managed_database_id = oci_database_management_managed_database.test_managed_database.id
	task_name = var.managed_database_optimizer_statistics_advisor_execution_task_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `execution_name` - (Required) The name of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `managed_database_id` - (Required) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the Managed Database.
* `task_name` - (Required) The name of the optimizer statistics collection execution task.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `database` - The summary of the Managed Database resource.
	* `compartment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment in which the Managed Database resides.
	* `db_deployment_type` - The infrastructure used to deploy the Oracle Database.
	* `db_sub_type` - The subtype of the Oracle Database. Indicates whether the database is a Container Database, Pluggable Database, Non-container Database, Autonomous Database, or Autonomous Container Database. 
	* `db_type` - The type of Oracle Database installation.
	* `db_version` - The version of the Oracle Database.
	* `id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the Managed Database.
	* `name` - The name of the Managed Database.
* `error_message` - The errors in the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution, if any.
* `execution_name` - The name of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `findings` - The number of findings generated by the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `report` - A report that includes the rules, findings, recommendations, and actions discovered during the execution of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor. 
	* `rules` - The list of rules that were not adhered to by the Optimizer Statistics Collection.
		* `description` - The description of the rule.
		* `findings` - The list of findings for the rule.
			* `details` - The details of the schema or operation.
				* `operations` - The list of operation details.
				* `schemas` - The names of the impacted database schemas and their objects.
					* `name` - The name of the schema.
					* `objects` - The names of schema objects.
			* `message` - A high-level overview of the findings of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor.
			* `recommendations` - The list of recommendations.
				* `example` - An example of the recommendation.
					* `lines` - The list of examples for the recommendation.
						* `comment` - The comments about the operation.
						* `operation` - The details of the example operation.
				* `message` - An overview of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor recommendation.
				* `rationales` - The rationale of the recommendation.
					* `message` - The message of the rationale.
		* `name` - The name of the rule.
	* `summary` - A summary of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `status` - The status of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution.
* `status_message` - The Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution status message, if any.
* `task_name` - The name of the Optimizer Statistics Advisor task.
* `time_end` - The end time of the time range to retrieve the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is "yyyy-MM-dd'T'hh:mm:ss.sss'Z'". 
* `time_start` - The start time of the time range to retrieve the Optimizer Statistics Advisor execution of a Managed Database in UTC in ISO-8601 format, which is "yyyy-MM-dd'T'hh:mm:ss.sss'Z'". 

