---
subcategory: "Delegate Access Control"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_delegate_access_control_delegated_resource_access_request"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-delegate_access_control-delegated_resource_access_request"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Delegated Resource Access Request in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Delegate Access Control service
---

# Data Source: oci_delegate_access_control_delegated_resource_access_request
This data source provides details about a specific Delegated Resource Access Request resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Delegate Access Control service.

Gets details of a Delegated Resource Access Request.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_delegate_access_control_delegated_resource_access_request" "test_delegated_resource_access_request" {
	#Required
	delegated_resource_access_request_id = oci_delegate_access_control_delegated_resource_access_request.test_delegated_resource_access_request.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `delegated_resource_access_request_id` - (Required) Unique Delegated Resource Access Request identifier


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `approval_info` - In case of single approval, this will have only one item. Else, a list of approvals.
	* `approval_action` - Indicated whether the request is approved or rejected.
	* `approval_type` - approval type, initial or extension
	* `approver_additional_message` - Additional message specified by the approver of the request.
	* `approver_comment` - Comment specified by the approver of the request.
	* `approver_id` - User ID of the approver.
	* `time_approved_for_access` - Access start time that is actually approved by the customer in [RFC 3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339)timestamp format, e.g. '2020-05-22T21:10:29.600Z'.
* `audit_types` - Specifies the type of auditing to be enabled. There are two levels of auditing: command-level and keystroke-level.  By default, both command-level and keystroke-level auditing are enabled, i.e. commands and key strokes issued by the support operator are logged. 
* `closure_comment` - The comment entered by the support operator while closing the request.
* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment that contains the Delegated Resource Access Request.
* `database_name_list` - List of Database unique names for which access is requested. This parameter is required for DLGT_MGMT_SYS_MAINT_ACCESS cage when database access in needed.
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `delegation_control_id` - The OCID of the Delegation Control governing the target resource.
* `delegation_subscription_ids` - List of Delegation Subscription OCID that are associated with this Delegated Resource Access Request based on the service types being requested.
* `description` - Detailed description of this Delegated Resource Access Request.
* `display_name` - Display name. This is generated by the system automatically.
* `duration_in_hours` - Duration in hours for which access is sought on the target resource.
* `extend_duration_in_hours` - Duration in hours for which extension access is sought on the target resource.
* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The OCID of the Delegated Resource Access Request.
* `is_auto_approved` - Set to true if the request is approved automatically based on preApprovedServiceProviderActionNames or isAutoApproveDuringMaintenance in the associated Delegation Control.
* `is_pending_more_info` - Indicates if the delegated resource access request is waiting on more information from the operator
* `lifecycle_state_details` - Description of the current lifecycle state in more detail.
* `num_extension_approvals` - Number of extension approvals that have been obtained so far.
* `num_initial_approvals` - Number of initial approvals that have been obtained so far.
* `provided_service_types` - List of Service Provider Service Types being provided by the support operator user.
* `reason_for_request` - A short description explaining why this Delegated Resource Access Request is needed by the support operator.
* `request_status` - The current status of the Delegated Resource Access Request.
* `requested_action_names` - List of Service Provider Action names for which approval is sought by the support operator user. The list of pre-defined Service Provider Actions can be obtained from the ListServiceProviderActions API.
* `requester_type` - Requester type
* `resource_id` - The OCID of the target resource associated with the Delegated Resource Access Request. The support operator raises a Delegated Resource Access Request to get approval to  access the target resource. 
* `resource_name` - The name of the target resource associated with the Delegated Resource Access Request. The support operator raises a Delegated Resource Access Request to get approval to  access the target resource. 
* `resource_type` - Resource type for which the associated Delegation Control is applicable to.
* `severity` - Priority assigned to the Delegated Resource Access Request by the support operator
* `state` - The current lifecycle state of the Delegated Resource Access Request.
* `system_tags` - System tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace.  Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `ticket_numbers` - A list of ticket numbers related to this Delegated Resource Access Request, e.g. Service Request (SR) number and JIRA ticket number.
* `time_access_requested` - Requested access start time in UTC.
* `time_created` - Time when the Delegated Resource Access Request was created in [RFC 3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339)timestamp format, e.g. '2020-05-22T21:10:29.600Z'. 
* `time_updated` - Time when the Delegated Resource Access Request was last modified in [RFC 3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339)timestamp format, e.g. '2020-05-22T21:10:29.600Z'. 

