---
subcategory: "Multicloud"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_multicloud_multicloudalerts"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-datasource-multicloud-multicloudalerts"
description: |-
  Provides the list of Multicloudalerts in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Multicloud service
---

This Data Source is currently in preview.

# Data Source: oci_multicloud_multicloudalerts
This data source provides the list of Multicloudalerts in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Multicloud service.

Gets a list of Multicloud Alerts for a given root compartment.
Optional query parameters can be used to filter alerts by resource,
subscription, severity, lifecycle state, and alert status.


## Example Usage

```hcl
data "oci_multicloud_multicloudalerts" "test_multicloudalerts" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id

	#Optional
	alert_function_name = oci_functions_function.test_function.name
	alert_status = var.multicloudalert_alert_status
	alert_type = var.multicloudalert_alert_type
	display_name = var.multicloudalert_display_name
	resource_id = oci_cloud_guard_resource.test_resource.id
	resource_type = var.multicloudalert_resource_type
	severity = var.multicloudalert_severity
	subscription_id = oci_onesubscription_subscription.test_subscription.id
	subscription_service_name = oci_announcements_service_service.test_service.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `alert_function_name` - (Optional) Filter alerts generated by a specific internal component (e.g. MCL, BILLING, ORP). 
* `alert_status` - (Optional) Filter alerts by alert status. User interaction: ACKNOWLEDGED, UNACKNOWLEDGED System lifecycle: RESOLVED 
* `alert_type` - (Optional) Filter alerts by alert type (e.g. IAM_POLICY_GAP).
* `compartment_id` - (Required) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment in which to list resources.
* `display_name` - (Optional) A filter to return only resources that match the given display name exactly.
* `resource_id` - (Optional) Filter alerts associated with a specific resource OCID.
* `resource_type` - (Optional) Filter alerts by resource type (e.g. ADBD, VMCluster).
* `severity` - (Optional) Filter alerts by severity.
* `subscription_id` - (Optional) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the Multicloud subscription in which to list resources.
* `subscription_service_name` - (Optional) The cloud service provider.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `multicloud_alert_collection` - The list of multicloud_alert_collection.

### Multicloudalert Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `items` - List of MulticloudAlertSummary.
	* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
	* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
	* `multicloud_alerts` - List of Multicloud Alerts.
		* `additional_parameters` - Alert-specific contextual parameters.
		* `alert_id` - External or human-friendly alert identifier.
		* `alert_status` - Current acknowledgment status of the alert.
		* `alert_type` - Type/category of the alert (e.g. IAM_POLICY_GAP, TAG_INCONSISTENCY).
		* `compartment_id` - Root Compartment The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) (TenantId) associated with the alert.
		* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
		* `description` - Description of the alert and its purpose.
		* `display_name` - Human-readable name of the alert.
		* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
		* `function_type` - Internal service or function type generating the alert (e.g. ORP, ODBG_NETWORK, BILLING, OBSERVABILITY).
		* `id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the multicloud alert.
		* `resource_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the affected resource.
		* `resource_type` - Type of the affected resource (e.g. ADBD).
		* `severity` - Severity of the alert.
		* `source` - Source subsystem that generated the alert. (Azure Tag Validation)
		* `source_region` - Oracle Cloud Infrastructure region where the alert originated (e.g. us-phoenix-1)
		* `lifecycle_state` - The current state of the Multicloud Network Alert.
		* `subscription_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the multicloud subscription.
		* `subscription_type` - Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Subscription Type.
		* `system_tags` - System tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace.  Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
		* `time_created` - Timestamp when the alert was created.
		* `time_updated` - Timestamp when the alert was last updated.
	* `multicloudalert_count` - Total number of alerts
	* `lifecycle_state` - The current state of the Multicloud Network Alert.
	* `system_tags` - System tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace.  Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 

