---
subcategory: "Ai Anomaly Detection"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_ai_anomaly_detection_detect_anomaly_job"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-ai_anomaly_detection-detect_anomaly_job"
description: |-
  Provides the Detect Anomaly Job resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Ai Anomaly Detection service
---

# oci_ai_anomaly_detection_detect_anomaly_job
This resource provides the Detect Anomaly Job resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Ai Anomaly Detection service.

Creates a job to perform anomaly detection.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_ai_anomaly_detection_detect_anomaly_job" "test_detect_anomaly_job" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id
	input_details {
		#Required
		input_type = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_input_type

		#Optional
		content = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_content
		content_type = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_content_type
		data {

			#Optional
			timestamp = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_data_timestamp
			values = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_data_values
		}
		object_locations {

			#Optional
			bucket = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_object_locations_bucket
			namespace = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_object_locations_namespace
			object = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_object_locations_object
		}
		signal_names = var.detect_anomaly_job_input_details_signal_names
	}
	model_id = oci_ai_anomaly_detection_model.test_model.id
	output_details {
		#Required
		bucket = var.detect_anomaly_job_output_details_bucket
		namespace = var.detect_anomaly_job_output_details_namespace
		output_type = var.detect_anomaly_job_output_details_output_type

		#Optional
		prefix = var.detect_anomaly_job_output_details_prefix
	}

	#Optional
	are_all_estimates_required = var.detect_anomaly_job_are_all_estimates_required
	description = var.detect_anomaly_job_description
	display_name = var.detect_anomaly_job_display_name
	sensitivity = var.detect_anomaly_job_sensitivity
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `are_all_estimates_required` - (Optional) Flag to enable the service to return estimates for all data points rather than just the anomalous data points.
* `compartment_id` - (Required) (Updatable) The OCID of the compartment that starts the job.
* `description` - (Optional) (Updatable) A short description of the detect anomaly job.
* `display_name` - (Optional) (Updatable) Detect anomaly job display name.
* `input_details` - (Required) Detect anomaly asynchronous job details.
	* `content` - (Required when input_type=BASE64_ENCODED) 
	* `content_type` - (Required when input_type=BASE64_ENCODED) 
	* `data` - (Required when input_type=INLINE) Array containing data.
		* `timestamp` - (Applicable when input_type=INLINE) Nullable string representing timestamp.
		* `values` - (Required when input_type=INLINE) Array of double precision values.
	* `input_type` - (Required) Type of request. This parameter is automatically populated by classes generated by the SDK. For raw curl requests, you must provide this field. 
	* `object_locations` - (Required when input_type=OBJECT_LIST) List of ObjectLocations.
		* `bucket` - (Required when input_type=OBJECT_LIST) Object Storage bucket name.
		* `namespace` - (Required when input_type=OBJECT_LIST) Object Storage namespace name.
		* `object` - (Required when input_type=OBJECT_LIST) Object Storage object name.
	* `signal_names` - (Required when input_type=INLINE) List of signal names.
* `model_id` - (Required) The OCID of the trained model.
* `output_details` - (Required) Detect anomaly job output details.
	* `bucket` - (Required) Object Storage bucket name.
	* `namespace` - (Required) Object Storage namespace.
	* `output_type` - (Required) The type of output location. Allowed values are:
		* `OBJECT_STORAGE`: Object store output location. 
	* `prefix` - (Optional) Object Storage folder name.
* `sensitivity` - (Optional) The value that customer can adjust to control the sensitivity of anomaly detection


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `are_all_estimates_required` - Flag to enable the service to return estimates for all data points rather than just the anomalous data points
* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment that starts the job.
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. Example: `{"foo-namespace.bar-key": "value"}` 
* `description` - Detect anomaly job description.
* `display_name` - Detect anomaly job display name.
* `freeform_tags` - Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name, type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: `{"bar-key": "value"}` 
* `id` - Id of the job.
* `input_details` - Input details for detect anomaly job.
	* `input_type` - The type of input location Allowed values are:
		* `INLINE`: Inline input data.
		* `OBJECT_LIST`: Object store output location. 
	* `message` - Inline input details.
	* `object_locations` - List of ObjectLocations.
		* `bucket` - Object Storage bucket name.
		* `namespace` - Object Storage namespace name.
		* `object` - Object Storage object name.
* `lifecycle_state_details` - The current state details of the batch document job.
* `model_id` - The OCID of the trained model.
* `output_details` - Output details for detect anomaly job.
	* `bucket` - Object Storage bucket name.
	* `namespace` - Object Storage namespace.
	* `output_type` - The type of output location Allowed values are:
		* `OBJECT_STORAGE`: Object store output location. 
	* `prefix` - Object Storage folder name.
* `project_id` - The OCID of the project.
* `sensitivity` - The value that customer can adjust to control the sensitivity of anomaly detection
* `state` - The current state of the batch document job.
* `system_tags` - Usage of system tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to namespaces. Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `time_accepted` - Job accepted time
* `time_finished` - Job finished time
* `time_started` - Job started time

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Detect Anomaly Job
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Detect Anomaly Job
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Detect Anomaly Job


## Import

DetectAnomalyJobs can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import oci_ai_anomaly_detection_detect_anomaly_job.test_detect_anomaly_job "id"
```

