---
subcategory: "Big Data Service"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_bds_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-bds-bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration"
description: |-
  Provides the Bds Instance Bds Certificate Configuration resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Big Data Service service
---

# oci_bds_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration
This resource provides the Bds Instance Bds Certificate Configuration resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Big Data Service service.
Api doc link for the resource: https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/api/#/en/bigdata/latest/BdsCertificateConfiguration

Example terraform configs related to the resource : https://github.com/oracle/terraform-provider-oci/tree/master/examples/big_data_service

Create a BDS certificate configuration for the cluster.

This resource also supports certificate lifecycle actions through update-only trigger fields:

* `issue_certificate_trigger` - invokes certificate generation for the configuration
* `renew_certificate_trigger` - invokes certificate renewal for the configuration
* `set_default_trigger` - marks the configuration as the cluster default

For lifecycle actions, provide either `cluster_admin_password` or `secret_id`. The optional `is_missing_nodes_only` flag applies to issue/generate flows.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_bds_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration" "test_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration" {
	#Required
	bds_instance_id = oci_bds_bds_instance.test_bds_instance.id
	certificate_type = var.bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration_certificate_type
	display_name = var.bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration_display_name

	#Optional
	certificate_authority_id = oci_certificates_management_certificate_authority.test_certificate_authority.id
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id
	cluster_admin_password = var.cluster_admin_password
	secret_id = var.secret_id
	issue_certificate_trigger = var.issue_certificate_trigger
	renew_certificate_trigger = var.renew_certificate_trigger
	set_default_trigger = var.set_default_trigger
	is_missing_nodes_only = var.is_missing_nodes_only
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bds_instance_id` - (Required) The OCID of the cluster.
* `certificate_authority_id` - (Optional) The OCID of the certificate authority which is associated with this certificate configuration.
* `certificate_type` - (Required) The type of the BDS certificate configuration, also the type of the BDS certificates which will be generated by the BDS certificate configuration.
* `compartment_id` - (Optional) The OCID of the compartment of the certificate authority connecting to this certificate configuration.
* `cluster_admin_password` - (Optional) Base64-encoded cluster admin password used for issue, renew, or set default actions. Use this or `secret_id`.
* `display_name` - (Required) The display name of the BDS certificate configuration.
* `is_missing_nodes_only` - (Optional) When issuing certificates for the configuration, limits generation to nodes that do not yet have the configuration.
* `issue_certificate_trigger` - (Optional) Any change to this value triggers certificate generation for this configuration.
* `renew_certificate_trigger` - (Optional) Any change to this value triggers certificate renewal for this configuration.
* `secret_id` - (Optional) The OCID of the secret containing the cluster admin password used for issue, renew, or set default actions. Use this or `cluster_admin_password`.
* `set_default_trigger` - (Optional) Any change to this value triggers the set default certificate configuration action.


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `bds_instance_id` - The OCID of the bdsInstance which is the parent resource id.
* `certificate_authority_id` - The OCID of the certificate authority which is associated with this certificate configuration. The value is Null when this BDS certificate configuration type is SELF_SIGNED.
* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment of the certificate authority connecting to this certificate configuration.
* `display_name` - The display name of the BDS certificate configuration.
* `id` - The ID of the BDS certificate configuration defined under BDS resources, not OCID.
* `is_default_configuration` - If this BDS certificate configuration is a default configuration or not. There will be only one Default certificate configuration per BDS cluster.
* `state` - The lifecycle status of the BDS certificate configuration.
* `time_created` - The time when the BDS certificate configuration was created, shown as an RFC 3339 formatted datetime string.
* `time_last_refreshed_or_generated` - The last time the BDS certificate configuration was used to generate or renew the certificate(s).
* `time_updated` - The time the BDS certificate configuration was updated, shown as an RFC 3339 formatted datetime string.
* `type` - The type of the BDS certificate configuration, also the type of the BDS certificates which will be generated by the BDS certificate configuration.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Bds Instance Bds Certificate Configuration
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Bds Instance Bds Certificate Configuration
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Bds Instance Bds Certificate Configuration


## Import

BdsInstanceBdsCertificateConfigurations can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import oci_bds_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration.test_bds_instance_bds_certificate_configuration "bdsInstances/{bdsInstanceId}/bdsCertificateConfigurations/{bdsCertificateConfigurationId}" 
```

