---
subcategory: "Budget"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitor_costanomalymonitorenabletoggles_management"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-budget-cost_anomaly_monitor_costanomalymonitorenabletoggles_management"
description: |-
  Provides the Cost Anomaly Monitor Costanomalymonitorenabletoggles Management resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service
---

# oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitor_costanomalymonitorenabletoggles_management
This resource provides the Cost Anomaly Monitor Costanomalymonitorenabletoggles Management resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service.

Enables the cost anomaly monitor. This (re)starts the cost anomaly detection for targeted resource(s).
Api doc link for the resource: https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/api/#/en/budgets/latest/CostAnomalyMonitor/Enable

Example terraform configs related to the resource : https://github.com/oracle/terraform-provider-oci/tree/master/examples/budget

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitor_costanomalymonitorenabletoggles_management" "test_cost_anomaly_monitor_costanomalymonitorenabletoggles_management" {
	#Required
	cost_anomaly_monitor_id = oci_budget_cost_anomaly_monitor.test_cost_anomaly_monitor.id
	enable_costanomalymonitorenabletoggle = var.enable_costanomalymonitorenabletoggle
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `cost_anomaly_monitor_id` - (Required) The unique costAnomalyMonitor OCID.
* `enable_costanomalymonitorenabletoggle` - (Required) (Updatable) A required field when set to `true` calls enable action and when set to `false` calls disable action.


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment.
* `cost_alert_subscription_map` - The mapping of cost monitor to alert subscription along with thresholds.
	* `cost_alert_subscription_id` - The costAlertSubscription ocid which the cost monitor alert maps to.
	* `operator` - The filter operator. Example: 'AND', 'OR'.
	* `threshold_absolute_value` - The absolute threshold value.
	* `threshold_relative_percent` - The relative percentage threshold value.
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `description` - The description of the budget.
* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The OCID of the Cost Anomaly Monitor.
* `lifecycle_details` - The current state details of the cost monitor. 
* `name` - The name of the cost anomaly monitor. Avoid entering confidential information.
* `state` - The current state of the cost monitor.
* `system_tags` - System tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). System tags can be viewed by users, but can only be created by the system.  Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `target_resource_filter` - The filter object to target resources for cost monitor.  Cost generated by one or more resources identified by this  filter is monitored for anomalous deviations. 
* `time_created` - The time that the cost monitor was created.
* `time_updated` - The time that the cost monitor was last updated.
* `type` - Type of cost monitor

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Cost Anomaly Monitor Costanomalymonitorenabletoggles Management
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Cost Anomaly Monitor Costanomalymonitorenabletoggles Management
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Cost Anomaly Monitor Costanomalymonitorenabletoggles Management
