---
subcategory: "Budget"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_budget_cost_anomaly_event"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-budget-cost_anomaly_event"
description: |-
  Provides the Cost Anomaly Event resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service
---

# oci_budget_cost_anomaly_event
This resource provides the Cost Anomaly Event resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Budget service.
Api doc link for the resource: https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/api/#/en/budgets/latest/CostAnomalyEvent

Example terraform configs related to the resource : https://github.com/oracle/terraform-provider-oci/tree/master/examples/budget

Update a CostAnomalyEvent identified by the OCID.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_budget_cost_anomaly_event" "test_cost_anomaly_event" {
	#Required
	cost_anomaly_event_id = oci_budget_cost_anomaly_event.test_cost_anomaly_event.id

	#Optional
	defined_tags = {"Operations.CostCenter"= "42"}
	feedback_response = var.cost_anomaly_event_feedback_response
	freeform_tags = {"Department"= "Finance"}
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `cost_anomaly_event_id` - (Required) The unique costAnomalyEventId OCID.
* `defined_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `feedback_response` - (Optional) (Updatable) The feedback response for the cost anomaly event.
* `freeform_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `compartment_id` - The OCID of the compartment.
* `cost_anomaly_name` - The name of the associated cost monitor.
* `cost_impact` - The cost impact of the detected anomaly.
* `cost_monitor_id` - The OCID of the associated cost monitor.
* `cost_monitor_name` - The name of the associated cost monitor.
* `cost_monitor_type` - Type of cost monitor
* `cost_variance_percentage` - The cost variance percentage of the detected anomaly.
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `feedback_response` - The feedback response for the cost anomaly event.
* `freeform_tags` - Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm).  Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The OCID of the Cost Anomaly Event.
* `root_cause_detail` - The root cause details of the cost anomaly event.
	* `value` - The json object representing the root cause details of the anomaly event.
* `state` - The current state of the cost anomaly event.
* `system_tags` - System tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). System tags can be viewed by users, but can only be created by the system.  Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `target_resource_filter` - The filter object to target resources for cost monitor.  Cost generated by one or more resources identified by this  filter is monitored for anomalous deviations. 
* `time_anomaly_event_date` - The event date of the anomaly event.
* `time_created` - The created time of the cost anomaly event.
* `time_updated` - The updated time of the cost anomaly event.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Cost Anomaly Event
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Cost Anomaly Event
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Cost Anomaly Event


## Import

CostAnomalyEvents can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import oci_budget_cost_anomaly_event.test_cost_anomaly_event "id"
```

