---
subcategory: "Cloud Bridge"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_cloud_bridge_discovery_schedule"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-cloud_bridge-discovery_schedule"
description: |-
  Provides the Discovery Schedule resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Bridge service
---

# oci_cloud_bridge_discovery_schedule
This resource provides the Discovery Schedule resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Bridge service.

Creates the discovery schedule.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_cloud_bridge_discovery_schedule" "test_discovery_schedule" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id
	execution_recurrences = var.discovery_schedule_execution_recurrences

	#Optional
	defined_tags = {"Operations.CostCenter"= "42"}
	display_name = var.discovery_schedule_display_name
	freeform_tags = {"Department"= "Finance"}
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `compartment_id` - (Required) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment in which the discovery schedule is created.
* `defined_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) The defined tags associated with this resource, if any. Each key is predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `display_name` - (Optional) (Updatable) A user-friendly name for the discovery schedule. Does not have to be unique, and it's mutable. Avoid entering confidential information. The name is generated by the service if it is not explicitly provided. 
* `execution_recurrences` - (Required) (Updatable) Recurrence specification for the discovery schedule execution.
* `freeform_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) The freeform tags associated with this resource, if any. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace/scope. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `compartment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment in which the discovery schedule exists.
* `defined_tags` - The defined tags associated with this resource, if any. Each key is predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `display_name` - A user-friendly name for the discovery schedule. Does not have to be unique, and it's mutable. Avoid entering confidential information. 
* `execution_recurrences` - Recurrence specification for the discovery schedule execution.
* `freeform_tags` - The freeform tags associated with this resource, if any. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace/scope. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the discovery schedule.
* `lifecycle_details` - The detailed state of the discovery schedule.
* `state` - Current state of the discovery schedule.
* `system_tags` - The system tags associated with this resource, if any. The system tags are set by Oracle cloud infrastructure services. Each key is predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{orcl-cloud: {free-tier-retain: true}}` 
* `time_created` - The time when the discovery schedule was created in RFC3339 format.
* `time_updated` - The time when the discovery schedule was last updated in RFC3339 format.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Discovery Schedule
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Discovery Schedule
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Discovery Schedule


## Import

DiscoverySchedules can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import oci_cloud_bridge_discovery_schedule.test_discovery_schedule "id"
```

