---
subcategory: "Cloud Bridge"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_cloud_bridge_asset_source"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-cloud_bridge-asset_source"
description: |-
  Provides the Asset Source resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Bridge service
---

# oci_cloud_bridge_asset_source
This resource provides the Asset Source resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Bridge service.

Creates an asset source.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_cloud_bridge_asset_source" "test_asset_source" {
	#Required
	assets_compartment_id = oci_identity_compartment.test_compartment.id
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id
	discovery_credentials {
		#Required
		secret_id = oci_vault_secret.test_secret.id
		type = var.asset_source_discovery_credentials_type
	}
	environment_id = oci_cloud_bridge_environment.test_environment.id
	inventory_id = oci_cloud_bridge_inventory.test_inventory.id
	type = var.asset_source_type
	vcenter_endpoint = var.asset_source_vcenter_endpoint

	#Optional
	are_historical_metrics_collected = var.asset_source_are_historical_metrics_collected
	are_realtime_metrics_collected = var.asset_source_are_realtime_metrics_collected
	defined_tags = {"Operations.CostCenter"= "42"}
	discovery_schedule_id = oci_cloud_bridge_discovery_schedule.test_discovery_schedule.id
	display_name = var.asset_source_display_name
	freeform_tags = {"Department"= "Finance"}
	replication_credentials {
		#Required
		secret_id = oci_vault_secret.test_secret.id
		type = var.asset_source_replication_credentials_type
	}
	system_tags = var.asset_source_system_tags
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `are_historical_metrics_collected` - (Optional) (Updatable) Flag indicating whether historical metrics are collected for assets, originating from this asset source.
* `are_realtime_metrics_collected` - (Optional) (Updatable) Flag indicating whether real-time metrics are collected for assets, originating from this asset source.
* `assets_compartment_id` - (Required) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment that is going to be used to create assets.
* `compartment_id` - (Required) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment for the resource.
* `defined_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) The defined tags associated with this resource, if any. Each key is predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `discovery_credentials` - (Required) (Updatable) Credentials for an asset source.
	* `secret_id` - (Required) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the secret in a vault. If the the type of the credentials is BASIC`, the secret must contain the username and password in JSON format, which is in the form of `{ "username": "<VMwareUser>", "password": "<VMwarePassword>" }`. 
	* `type` - (Required) (Updatable) Authentication type
* `discovery_schedule_id` - (Optional) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the discovery schedule that is going to be attached to the created asset.
* `display_name` - (Optional) (Updatable) A user-friendly name for the asset source. Does not have to be unique, and it's mutable. Avoid entering confidential information. The name is generated by the service if it is not explicitly provided. 
* `environment_id` - (Required) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the environment.
* `freeform_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) The freeform tags associated with this resource, if any. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace/scope. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `inventory_id` - (Required) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the inventory that will contain created assets.
* `replication_credentials` - (Optional) (Updatable) Credentials for an asset source.
	* `secret_id` - (Required) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the secret in a vault. If the the type of the credentials is BASIC`, the secret must contain the username and password in JSON format, which is in the form of `{ "username": "<VMwareUser>", "password": "<VMwarePassword>" }`. 
	* `type` - (Required) (Updatable) Authentication type
* `system_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) The system tags associated with this resource, if any. The system tags are set by Oracle cloud infrastructure services. Each key is predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{orcl-cloud: {free-tier-retain: true}}` 
* `type` - (Required) (Updatable) Asset source type.
* `vcenter_endpoint` - (Required) (Updatable) Endpoint for VMware asset discovery and replication in the form of ```https://<host>:<port>/sdk```


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `are_historical_metrics_collected` - Flag indicating whether historical metrics are collected for assets, originating from this asset source.
* `are_realtime_metrics_collected` - Flag indicating whether real-time metrics are collected for assets, originating from this asset source.
* `assets_compartment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment that is going to be used to create assets.
* `compartment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment for the resource.
* `defined_tags` - The defined tags associated with this resource, if any. Each key is predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Operations.CostCenter": "42"}` 
* `discovery_credentials` - Credentials for an asset source.
	* `secret_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the secret in a vault. If the the type of the credentials is BASIC`, the secret must contain the username and password in JSON format, which is in the form of `{ "username": "<VMwareUser>", "password": "<VMwarePassword>" }`. 
	* `type` - Authentication type
* `discovery_schedule_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of an attached discovery schedule.
* `display_name` - A user-friendly name for the asset source. Does not have to be unique, and it's mutable. Avoid entering confidential information. 
* `environment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the environment.
* `freeform_tags` - The freeform tags associated with this resource, if any. Each tag is a simple key-value pair with no predefined name, type, or namespace/scope. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{"Department": "Finance"}` 
* `id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the resource.
* `inventory_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the inventory that will contain created assets.
* `lifecycle_details` - The detailed state of the asset source.
* `replication_credentials` - Credentials for an asset source.
	* `secret_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the secret in a vault. If the the type of the credentials is BASIC`, the secret must contain the username and password in JSON format, which is in the form of `{ "username": "<VMwareUser>", "password": "<VMwarePassword>" }`. 
	* `type` - Authentication type
* `state` - The current state of the asset source.
* `system_tags` - The system tags associated with this resource, if any. The system tags are set by Oracle cloud infrastructure services. Each key is predefined and scoped to namespaces. For more information, see [Resource Tags](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/resourcetags.htm). Example: `{orcl-cloud: {free-tier-retain: true}}` 
* `time_created` - The time when the asset source was created in the RFC3339 format.
* `time_updated` - The point in time that the asset source was last updated in the RFC3339 format.
* `type` - The type of asset source. Indicates external origin of the assets that are read by assigning this asset source.
* `vcenter_endpoint` - Endpoint for VMware asset discovery and replication in the form of ```https://<host>:<port>/sdk```

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Asset Source
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Asset Source
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Asset Source


## Import

AssetSources can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import oci_cloud_bridge_asset_source.test_asset_source "id"
```

