---
subcategory: "Database Tools"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_toolset"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-database_tools-database_tools_mcp_toolset"
description: |-
  Provides the Database Tools Mcp Toolset resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Tools service
---

# oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_toolset
This resource provides the Database Tools Mcp Toolset resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Tools service.
Api doc link for the resource: https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/api/#/en/database-tools/latest/DatabaseToolsMcpToolset

Example terraform configs related to the resource : https://github.com/oracle/terraform-provider-oci/tree/master/examples/databaseTools

Creates a new Database Tools MCP Toolset.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_toolset" "test_database_tools_mcp_toolset" {
	#Required
	compartment_id = var.compartment_id
	database_tools_mcp_server_id = oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_server.test_database_tools_mcp_server.id
	display_name = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_display_name
	type = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_type
	version = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_version

	#Optional
	allowed_roles = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_allowed_roles
	default_execution_type = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_default_execution_type
	defined_tags = {"foo-namespace.bar-key"= "value"}
	description = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_description
	freeform_tags = {"bar-key"= "value"}
	generative_ai_semantic_store_id = oci_database_tools_generative_ai_semantic_store.test_generative_ai_semantic_store.id
	locks {
		#Required
		type = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_locks_type

		#Optional
		message = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_locks_message
		related_resource_id = oci_cloud_guard_resource.test_resource.id
		time_created = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_locks_time_created
	}
	reports {

		#Optional
		allowed_roles = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_reports_allowed_roles
		database_tools_sql_report_id = oci_database_tools_database_tools_sql_report.test_database_tools_sql_report.id
	}
	source {

		#Optional
		type = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_source_type
		value = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_source_value
	}
	tool_description = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_tool_description
	tool_name = oci_generative_ai_agent_tool.test_tool.name
	tools {

		#Optional
		allowed_roles = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_tools_allowed_roles
		name = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_tools_name
		status = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_tools_status
	}
	variables {

		#Optional
		description = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_variables_description
		name = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_variables_name
		type = var.database_tools_mcp_toolset_variables_type
	}
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `allowed_roles` - (Applicable when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The roles granted access to the MCP tool generated by this toolset
* `compartment_id` - (Required) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment containing the Database Tools MCP server.
* `database_tools_mcp_server_id` - (Required) The OCID of the Database Tools MCP Server
* `default_execution_type` - (Optional) (Updatable) The default execution type for the toolset. The default value is SYNCHRONOUS.

	To use ASYNCHRONOUS execution, the MCP Server must have the storage property configured. 
* `defined_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. Example: `{"foo-namespace.bar-key": "value"}` 
* `description` - (Optional) (Updatable) A human readable description of the Database Tools MCP toolset.
* `display_name` - (Required) (Updatable) A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique and can be updated. Avoid entering confidential information.
* `freeform_tags` - (Optional) (Updatable) Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name, type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: `{"bar-key": "value"}` 
* `generative_ai_semantic_store_id` - (Required when type=GENAI_SQL_ASSISTANT) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the related Generative AI Semantic Store.
* `locks` - (Optional) Locks associated with this resource.
	* `message` - (Optional) A message added by the creator of the lock. This is typically used to give an indication of why the resource is locked. 
	* `related_resource_id` - (Optional) The id of the resource that is locking this resource. Indicates that deleting this resource will remove the lock. 
	* `time_created` - (Optional) When the lock was created.
	* `type` - (Required) Type of the lock.
* `reports` - (Required when type=CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS) (Updatable) List of Database Tools SQL Reports
	* `allowed_roles` - (Applicable when type=CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS) (Updatable) The roles granted access to this report
	* `database_tools_sql_report_id` - (Required when type=CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS) (Updatable) The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the report OCID of sql report.
* `source` - (Required when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The SQL source. Can contain multiple statements with a mix of queries, DML, DCL, DLL and scripts.
	* `type` - (Required when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The sql toolset sources type. INLINE is the only possible value.
	* `value` - (Required when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The SQL source. Can contain multiple statements with a mix of queries, DML, DCL, DLL and scripts.
* `tool_description` - (Applicable when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) Instructions describing how to use the MCP toolset and its features. This can be used to improve the LLM's understanding of the tool.
* `tool_name` - (Required when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) Name of the tool returned by the MCP Server
* `tools` - (Applicable when type=BUILT_IN_SQL_TOOLS | CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS | GENAI_SQL_ASSISTANT) (Updatable) List of Database Tools CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS toolset tool configurations
	* `allowed_roles` - (Applicable when type=BUILT_IN_SQL_TOOLS | CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS | GENAI_SQL_ASSISTANT) (Updatable) The roles granted access to this tool
	* `name` - (Required when type=BUILT_IN_SQL_TOOLS | CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS | GENAI_SQL_ASSISTANT) (Updatable) The name of the tool
	* `status` - (Applicable when type=BUILT_IN_SQL_TOOLS | CUSTOMIZABLE_REPORTING_TOOLS | GENAI_SQL_ASSISTANT) (Updatable) The status of the tool
* `type` - (Required) (Updatable) The Database Tools MCP Toolset type.
* `variables` - (Applicable when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The variables to use with the query
	* `description` - (Required when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The description of the variable
	* `name` - (Required when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The name of the variable
	* `type` - (Required when type=CUSTOM_SQL_TOOL) (Updatable) The type of the variable
* `version` - (Required) (Updatable) The MCP toolset version


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `allowed_roles` - The roles granted access to the MCP tool generated by this toolset
* `compartment_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the compartment to move the Database Tools MCP Toolset to.
* `database_tools_mcp_server_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the related Database Tools McpServer.
* `default_execution_type` - The default execution type for the toolset. The default value is SYNCHRONOUS.

	To use ASYNCHRONOUS execution, the MCP Server must have the storage property configured. 
* `defined_tags` - Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a namespace. Example: `{"foo-namespace.bar-key": "value"}` 
* `description` - A human readable description of the Database Tools MCP toolset.
* `display_name` - A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique and can be updated. Avoid entering confidential information.
* `freeform_tags` - Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name, type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: `{"bar-key": "value"}` 
* `generative_ai_semantic_store_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the related Generative AI Semantic Store.
* `id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the Database Tools MCP Toolsets.
* `lifecycle_details` - A message describing the current state in more detail. For example, this message can be used to provide actionable information for a resource in the Failed state.
* `locks` - Locks associated with this resource.
	* `message` - A message added by the creator of the lock. This is typically used to give an indication of why the resource is locked. 
	* `related_resource_id` - The id of the resource that is locking this resource. Indicates that deleting this resource will remove the lock. 
	* `time_created` - When the lock was created.
	* `type` - Type of the lock.
* `reports` - List of Database Tools Customizable reporting tools
	* `allowed_roles` - The roles granted access to this report
	* `database_tools_sql_report_id` - The [OCID](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/General/Concepts/identifiers.htm) of the report OCID of sql report.
* `source` - The SQL source. Can contain multiple statements with a mix of queries, DML, DCL, DLL and scripts.
	* `type` - The sql toolset sources type. INLINE is the only possible value.
	* `value` - The SQL source. Can contain multiple statements with a mix of queries, DML, DCL, DLL and scripts.
* `state` - The current state of the Database Tools MCP Toolset.
* `system_tags` - Usage of system tag keys. These predefined keys are scoped to namespaces. Example: `{"orcl-cloud.free-tier-retained": "true"}` 
* `time_created` - The time the Database Tools MCP server was created. An RFC3339 formatted datetime string.
* `time_updated` - The time the Database Tools MCP server was updated. An RFC3339 formatted datetime string.
* `tool_description` - Instructions describing how to use the MCP toolset and its features. This can be used to improve the LLM's understanding of the tool.
* `tool_name` - Name of the tool returned by the MCP Server
* `tools` - List of Database Tools Customizable reporting tools
	* `allowed_roles` - The roles granted access to this MCP tool
	* `display_name` - The display name of the tool
	* `name` - The name of the tool
	* `status` - The status of the tool
* `type` - The Database Tools MCP Toolset type.
* `variables` - The variables to use with the query
	* `description` - The description of the variable
	* `name` - The name of the variable
	* `type` - The type of the variable
* `version` - The MCP toolset version

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Database Tools Mcp Toolset
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Database Tools Mcp Toolset
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Database Tools Mcp Toolset


## Import

DatabaseToolsMcpToolsets can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import oci_database_tools_database_tools_mcp_toolset.test_database_tools_mcp_toolset "id"
```

