---
subcategory: "Kms"
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Oracle Cloud Infrastructure: oci_kms_verify"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-resource-kms-verify"
description: |-
  Provides the Verify resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Kms service
---

# oci_kms_verify
This resource provides the Verify resource in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Kms service.

Verifies a digital signature that was generated by the [Sign](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/api/#/en/key/latest/SignedData/Sign) operation 
by using the public key of the same asymmetric key that was used to sign the data. If you want to validate the  
digital signature outside of the service, you can do so by using the public key of the asymmetric key.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oci_kms_verify" "test_verify" {
	#Required
  crypto_endpoint = var.verify_message_crypto_endpoint
	key_id = oci_kms_key.test_key.id
	key_version_id = oci_kms_key_version.test_key_version.id
	message = var.verify_message
	signature = var.verify_signature
	signing_algorithm = var.verify_signing_algorithm

	#Optional
	message_type = var.verify_message_type
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `crypto_endpoint` - (Required) The service endpoint to perform cryptographic operations against. Cryptographic operations include 'Encrypt,' 'Decrypt,', 'GenerateDataEncryptionKey', 'Sign' and 'Verify' operations. see Vault Crypto endpoint.
* `key_id` - (Required) The OCID of the key used to sign the message.
* `key_version_id` - (Required) The OCID of the key version used to sign the message.
* `message` - (Required) The base64-encoded binary data object denoting the message or message digest to sign. You can have a message up to 4096 bytes in size. To sign a larger message, provide the message digest.
* `message_type` - (Optional) Denotes whether the value of the message parameter is a raw message or a message digest.  The default value, `RAW`, indicates a message. To indicate a message digest, use `DIGEST`. 
* `signature` - (Required) The base64-encoded binary data object denoting the cryptographic signature generated for the message. 
* `signing_algorithm` - (Required) The algorithm to use to sign the message or message digest. For RSA keys, supported signature schemes include PKCS #1 and RSASSA-PSS, along with  different hashing algorithms.  For ECDSA keys, ECDSA is the supported signature scheme with different hashing algorithms. When you pass a message digest for signing, ensure that you specify the same hashing algorithm  as used when creating the message digest.       


** IMPORTANT **
Any change to a property that does not support update will force the destruction and recreation of the resource with the new property values

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `is_signature_valid` - A Boolean value that indicates whether the signature was verified.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/oci/latest/docs/guides/changing_timeouts) for certain operations:
	* `create` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when creating the Verify
	* `update` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when updating the Verify
	* `delete` - (Defaults to 20 minutes), when destroying the Verify


## Import

Verify can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import oci_kms_verify.test_verify "id"
```

