---
layout: "oci"
page_title: "Resource Discovery"
sidebar_current: "docs-oci-guide-resource_discovery"
description: |-
  The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure provider. Discovering resources in an existing compartment
---

## Resource Discovery

### Overview

Terraform Resource Discovery can be used to discover deployed resources within a compartment and export them to Terraform configuration and state files. Refer to the [Supported Resources](#supported-resources) for details.

### Use Cases and Benefits

With this feature, you can perform the following tasks:

* **Move from manually-managed infrastructure to Terraform-managed infrastructure:** You can generate a baseline Terraform state file for your existing infrastructure with a single command, and manage this infrastructure by using Terraform.

* **Detect state drift:** By managing the infrastructure using Terraform, you can detect when the state of your resources changes and differs from the desired configuration.

* **Duplicate or rebuild existing infrastructure:** By creating Terraform configuration files, you can re-create your existing infrastructure architecture in a new tenancy or compartment.

* **Get started with Terraform:** If you’re new to Terraform, you can learn about Terraform’s HCL syntax and how to represent Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resources in HCL.

Please note that this feature is available for version 3.50 and above. The latest version of the terraform-oci-provider can be downloaded using terraform init or by going to https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-provider-oci/

> **Note**: Resource discovery is not a migration tool. For cloning or migrating resources, configurations generated by Resource Discovery are a starting point and may require some changes.


### Prerequisites

Download the latest terraform-oci-provider from [provider releases](https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-provider-oci/). After downloading, in order to run the executable:

    * either add the terraform-provider-oci executable to PATH
    * or run the executable giving the full path or from the directory where it is located

Resource discovery uses Hashicorp's [terraform-exec](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-exec/) to import the discovered resources into the state file. Terraform exec requires terraform CLI to be present on your system. Download the [appropriate package](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) for your system.

Note: Terraform version v0.11.* is not supported by the tool for generating the state file. Only configurations are supported in v0.11. By default the configurations are generated in v0.12.
If specifying v0.13.* for the Terraform CLI, make sure that the version is compatible with v0.12 syntax.

The terraform CLI can be provided in 2 ways:

    * provide full path including name for the terraform CLI using environment variable `terraform_bin_path`
      OR
    * add terraform CLI to the system path and the tool will find it


### Authentication

To discover resources in your compartment, the terraform-oci-provider will need authentication information about the user, tenancy, and region with which to discover
the resources. It is recommended to specify a user that has access to inspect and read the resources to discover.

Resource discovery supports API Key based authentication and Instance Principal based authentication.

The authentication information can be specified using the following environment variables:

```
export TF_VAR_tenancy_ocid=<value>
export TF_VAR_user_ocid=<value>
export TF_VAR_fingerprint=<value>
export TF_VAR_private_key_path=<path to your private key>
export TF_VAR_region=<region of the resources, e.g. "us-phoenix-1">
```


If your private key is password-encrypted, you may also need to specify a password with this variable:

```
export TF_VAR_private_key_password=<password for private key>
```

The authentication information can also be specified using a configuration file. For details on setting this up, see [SDK and CLI configuration file](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm)
A non-default profile can be set using environment variable:

```
export TF_VAR_config_file_profile=<value>
```


If the parameters have multiple sources, the priority will be in the following order:

    Environment variables
    Non-default profile
    DEFAULT profile

### Usage

Once you have specified the prerequisite authentication settings, the command can be used as follows with a compartment being specified by name or OCID:

```
terraform-provider-oci -command=export -compartment_name=<name of compartment to export> -output_path=<absolute path to directory under which to generate Terraform files>
```


```
terraform-provider-oci -command=export -compartment_id=<OCID of compartment to export> -output_path=<absolute path to directory under which to generate Terraform files>
```

This command will discover resources within your compartment and generates Terraform configuration files in the given `output_path`.
The generated `.tf` files contain the Terraform configuration with the resources that the command has discovered.

> **Note:**
Make sure the `output_path` is empty before running resource discovery

**Parameter Description**

* `command` - Command to run. Supported commands include:
    * `export` - Discovers Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resources within your compartment and generates Terraform configuration files for them
    * `list_export_resources` - Lists the Terraform Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resources types that can be discovered by the `export` command
    * `list_export_services` - Lists the allowed values for services arguments along with scope in json format
* `compartment_id` - OCID of a compartment to export. If `compartment_id`  or `compartment_name` is not specified, the root compartment will be used
* `compartment_name` - The name of a compartment to export. Use this instead of `compartment_id` to provide a compartment name
* `exclude_services` - Comma-separated list of service resources to exclude from export. If a service is present in both 'services' and 'exclude_services' argument, it will be excluded
* `generate_state` - Provide this flag to import the discovered resources into a state file along with the Terraform configuration
* `ids` - Comma-separated list of tuples `resource ID` or `resource Type:resource ID` e.g. `ocid.....` or `oci_core_instance:ocid.....`for resources to export. The ID could either be an OCID or a Terraform import ID. If `resource ID` format is used then sub-resources are also discovered and if `resource Type:resource ID` format is used, only resource id's given are discovered. By default, all resources are exported if ids is not added.
* `output_path` - Absolute path to output generated configurations and state files of the exported compartment
* `parallelism` - The number of threads to use for resource discovery. By default the value is 1
* `variables_resource_level` - List of resource-level attributes to export as variables, following the format `resourceType.attribute`. Top-level attributes (see `variables_global_level`) are excluded from this list.
* `variables_global_level` - List of top-level attributes to export as variables, following the format `attribute1,attribute2`. Resource-level attributes (see `variables_resource_level`) are excluded from this list.
* `retry_timeout` - The time duration for which API calls will wait and retry operation in case of API errors. By default, the retry timeout duration is 15s
* `services` - Comma-separated list of service resources to export. If not specified, all resources within the given compartment (which excludes identity resources) are exported. The following values can be specified:
    * `adm` - Discovers adm resources within the specified compartment
    * `ai_anomaly_detection` - Discovers ai_anomaly_detection resources within the specified compartment
    * `ai_document` - Discovers ai_document resources within the specified compartment
    * `ai_language` - Discovers ai_language resources within the specified compartment
    * `ai_vision` - Discovers ai_vision resources within the specified compartment
    * `analytics` - Discovers analytics resources within the specified compartment
    * `announcements_service` - Discovers announcements_service resources within the specified compartment
    * `apigateway` - Discovers apigateway resources within the specified compartment
    * `apm` - Discovers apm resources within the specified compartment
    * `apm_config` - Discovers apm_config resources within the specified compartment
    * `apm_synthetics` - Discovers apm_synthetics resources within the specified compartment
    * `artifacts` - Discovers artifacts resources within the specified compartment
    * `auto_scaling` - Discovers auto_scaling resources within the specified compartment
    * `bastion` - Discovers bastion resources within the specified compartment
    * `bds` - Discovers big data service resources within the specified compartment
    * `blockchain` - Discovers blockchain resources within the specified compartment
    * `budget` - Discovers budget resources across the entire tenancy
    * `certificates_management` - Discovers certificates_management resources within the specified compartment
    * `cloud_bridge` - Discovers cloud_bridge resources within the specified compartment
    * `cloud_guard` - Discovers cloud guard resources within the specified compartment
    * `cloud_migrations` - Discovers cloud_migrations resources within the specified compartment
    * `compute_cloud_at_customer` - Discovers compute_cloud_at_customer resources within the specified compartment
    * `container_instances` - Discovers container_instances resources within the specified compartment
    * `containerengine` - Discovers containerengine resources within the specified compartment
    * `core` - Discovers compute, block storage, and networking resources within the specified compartment
    * `data_labeling_service` - Discovers data_labeling_service resources within the specified compartment
    * `data_safe` - Discovers data_safe resources within the specified compartment
    * `database` - Discovers database resources within the specified compartment
    * `database_migration` - Discovers database_migration resources within the specified compartment
    * `database_tools` - Discovers database_tools resources within the specified compartment
    * `datacatalog` - Discovers datacatalog resources within the specified compartment
    * `dataflow` - Discovers dataflow resources within the specified compartment
    * `dataintegration` - Discovers dataintegration resources within the specified compartment
    * `datascience` - Discovers datascience resources within the specified compartment
    * `devops` - Discovers devops resources within the specified compartment
    * `disaster_recovery` - Discovers disaster_recovery resources within the specified compartment
    * `dns` - Discovers dns resources (except record) within the specified compartment
    * `em_warehouse` - Discovers em_warehouse resources within the specified compartment
    * `email` - Discovers email_sender resources within the specified compartment
    * `events` - Discovers events resources within the specified compartment
    * `file_storage` - Discovers file_storage resources within the specified compartment
    * `functions` - Discovers functions resources within the specified compartment
    * `fusion_apps` - Discovers fusion_apps resources within the specified compartment
    * `golden_gate` - Discovers golden_gate resources within the specified compartment
    * `health_checks` - Discovers health_checks resources within the specified compartment
    * `identity` - Discovers identity resources across the entire tenancy
    * `identity_data_plane` - Discovers identity_data_plane resources within the specified compartment
    * `identity_domains` - Discovers identity_domains resources within the specified compartment
    * `integration` - Discovers integration resources within the specified compartment
    * `jms` - Discovers jms resources within the specified compartment
    * `kms` - Discovers kms resources within the specified compartment
    * `license_manager` - Discovers license_manager resources within the specified compartment
    * `limits` - Discovers limits resources across the entire tenancy
    * `load_balancer` - Discovers load balancer resources within the specified compartment
    * `log_analytics` - Discovers log_analytics resources within the specified compartment
    * `logging` - Discovers logging resources within the specified compartment
    * `management_agent` - Discovers management_agent resources within the specified compartment
    * `marketplace` - Discovers marketplace resources within the specified compartment
    * `media_services` - Discovers media_services resources within the specified compartment
    * `metering_computation` - Discovers metering_computation resources across the entire tenancy
    * `monitoring` - Discovers monitoring resources within the specified compartment
    * `mysql` - Discovers mysql resources within the specified compartment
    * `network_firewall` - Discovers network_firewall resources within the specified compartment
    * `network_load_balancer` - Discovers network load balancer resources within the specified compartment
    * `nosql` - Discovers nosql resources within the specified compartment
    * `object_storage` - Discovers object storage resources within the specified compartment
    * `oce` - Discovers oce resources within the specified compartment
    * `ocvp` - Discovers ocvp resources within the specified compartment
    * `oda` - Discovers oda resources within the specified compartment
    * `ons` - Discovers ons resources within the specified compartment
    * `opa` - Discovers opa resources within the specified compartment
    * `opensearch` - Discovers opensearch resources within the specified compartment
    * `operator_access_control` - Discovers operator_access_control resources within the specified compartment
    * `opsi` - Discovers opsi resources within the specified compartment
    * `optimizer` - Discovers optimizer resources across the entire tenancy
    * `os_management_hub` - Discovers os_management_hub resources within the specified compartment
    * `osmanagement` - Discovers osmanagement resources within the specified compartment
    * `osp_gateway` - Discovers osp_gateway resources within the specified compartment
    * `queue` - Discovers queue resources within the specified compartment
    * `recovery` - Discovers recovery resources within the specified compartment
    * `redis` - Discovers redis resources within the specified compartment
    * `resourcemanager` - Discovers resourcemanager resources within the specified compartment
    * `sch` - Discovers sch resources within the specified compartment
    * `service_mesh` - Discovers service_mesh resources within the specified compartment
    * `stack_monitoring` - Discovers stack_monitoring resources within the specified compartment
    * `streaming` - Discovers streaming resources within the specified compartment
    * `usage_proxy` - Discovers usage_proxy resources within the specified compartment
    * `vault` - Discovers vault resources within the specified compartment
    * `vbs_inst` - Discovers vbs_inst resources across the entire tenancy
    * `visual_builder` - Discovers visual_builder resources within the specified compartment
    * `vn_monitoring` - Discovers vn_monitoring resources within the specified compartment
    * `vulnerability_scanning` - Discovers vulnerability_scanning resources within the specified compartment
    * `waa` - Discovers waa resources within the specified compartment
    * `waas` - Discovers waas resources within the specified compartment
    * `waf` - Discovers waf resources within the specified compartment
* `tf_version` - The version of terraform syntax to generate for configurations. Default is v0.12. The state file will be written in v0.12 only. The allowed values are:
    * 0.11
    * 0.12

| Arguments | Resources discovered |
| ----------| -------------------- |
| compartment_id = \<empty or tenancy ocid\>  <br> services= \<empty\> or not specified | all tenancy and compartment scope resources <br>  |
| compartment_id = \<empty or tenancy ocid\>  <br> services= \<comma separated list of services\> | tenancy and compartment scope resources for the services specified |
| compartment_id = \<non-root compartment\> <br> services= \<empty\> or not specified | all compartment scope resources only |
| compartment_id = \<non-root compartment\> <br> services=\<comma separated list of services\> | compartment scope resources for the services specified<br>tenancy scope resources will not be discovered even if services with such resources are specified |

> **Notes**:
* The compartment export functionality currently supports discovery of the target compartment. The ability to discover resources in child compartments is not yet supported.
* If using Instance Principals, resources can not be discovered if compartment_id is not specified

### Exit status

While discovering resources if there is any error related to the APIs or service unavailability, the tool will move on to find next resource. All the errors encountered will be displayed after the discovery is complete.

* Exit code 0 - Success
* Exit code 1 - Failure due to errors such as incorrect environment variables, arguments or configuration
* Exit code 64 - Partial Success when resource discovery was not able to find all the resources because of the service failures

### Generated Terraform Configuration Contents

The command will discover resources that are in an active or usable state. Resources that have been terminated or otherwise made inactive are generally excluded from the generated configuration.

By default, the Terraform names of the discovered resources will share the same name as the display name for that resource, if one exists.

The attributes of the resources will be populated with the values that are returned by the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure services.

In some cases, a required or optional attribute may not be discoverable from the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure services and may be omitted from the generated Terraform configuration.
This may be expected behavior from the service, which may prevent discovery of certain sensitive attributes or secrets. In such cases, placeholder value will be set along with a comment like this:

```
admin_password = "<placeholder for missing required attribute>" #Required attribute not found in discovery, placeholder value set to avoid plan failure
```

The missing required attributes will also be added to lifecycle ignore_changes. This is done to avoid terraform plan failure when moving manually-managed infrastructure to Terraform-managed infrastructure.
Any changes made to such fields will not reflect in terraform plan. If you want to update these fields, remove them from `ignore_changes`.

Resources that are dependent on availability domains will be generated under `availability_domain.tf` file. These include:
* oci\_core\_boot\_volume
* oci\_file\_storage\_file\_system
* oci\_file\_storage\_mount\_target
* oci\_file\_storage\_snapshot

### Exporting Identity Resources

Some resources, such as identity resources, may exist only at the tenancy level and cannot be discovered within a specific compartment. To discover such resources, specify
the following command.

```
terraform-provider-oci -command=export -output_path=<absolute path to directory under which to generate Terraform files> -services=identity
```

> **Note**: When exporting identity resources, a `compartment_id` is not required. If a `compartment_id` is specified, the value will be ignored for discovering identity resources.


### Exporting Resources to Another Compartment
Once the user has reviewed the generated configuration and made the necessary changes to reflect the desired settings, the configuration can be used with Terraform.
One such use case is the re-deploying of those resources in a new compartment or tenancy, using Terraform.

To do so, specify the following environment variables:

```
export TF_VAR_tenancy_ocid=<new tenancy OCID>
export TF_VAR_compartment_ocid=<new compartment OCID>
```

And run

```
terraform apply
```

### Generating a Terraform State File

Using this command it is also possible to generate a Terraform state file to manage the discovered resources. To do so, run the following command:

```
terraform-provider-oci -command=export -compartment_id=<compartment to export> -output_path=<absolute path to directory under which to generate Terraform files> -generate_state
```

The results of this command are both the `.tf` files representing the Terraform configuration and a `terraform.tfstate` file representing the state.

> **Note** The Terraform state file generated by this command is currently compatible with Terraform v0.12.4 and above


### Filtering Resources discovered via Resource Discovery

You can filter resources discovered by resource discovery by specifying filtering criteria.
* You can filter resources by terraform resource type or by attribute key values
* You can pass multiple filters so that resources satisfying all of these filters will be discovered
* You can pass a maximum of 10 filters

Operator
* `=` Equal to
* `!=` Not Equal to

Filter Types
* Resource Type filter : `Type<Operator><Provider Resource Type>`
* Attribute Filter : `AttrName=<attribute name>;Value<Operator><value>` Find all resources with matching attribute and value

```
--filter="Type=oci_core_vcn"                                                            // discover resources of type oci_core_vcn
--filter="Type!=oci_core_vcn"                                                           // discover resources except resources of type oci_core_vcn
--filter="AttrName=defined_tags.example-namespace.example-key;Value=example-value"      // discover resources of with defined tag example-namespace.example-key and value as example-value
```

Example for specifying multiple filters
```
--filter="Type=oci_core_vcn" --filter="AttrName=dns_label;Value=test"     // discover resources of type oci_core_vcn such that they have dns_label attribute value as test
```

### Supported Resources
As of this writing, the list of Terraform services and resources that can be discovered by the command is as follows.
The list of supported resources can also be retrieved by running this command:

```
terraform-provider-oci -command=list_export_resources
```

adm

* oci\_adm\_vulnerability\_audit
* oci\_adm\_knowledge\_base
* oci\_adm\_remediation\_recipe
* oci\_adm\_remediation\_run

ai_anomaly_detection

* oci\_ai\_anomaly\_detection\_data\_asset
* oci\_ai\_anomaly\_detection\_model
* oci\_ai\_anomaly\_detection\_project
* oci\_ai\_anomaly\_detection\_ai\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_ai\_anomaly\_detection\_detect\_anomaly\_job

ai_document
    
* oci\_ai\_document\_processor\_job
* oci\_ai\_document\_project
* oci\_ai\_document\_model

ai_language
    
* oci\_ai\_language\_project
* oci\_ai\_language\_model
* oci\_ai\_language\_endpoint

ai_vision

* oci\_ai\_vision\_project
* oci\_ai\_vision\_model

analytics

* oci\_analytics\_analytics\_instance

announcements_service

* oci\_announcements\_service\_announcement\_subscription
* oci\_announcements\_service\_announcement\_subscriptions\_actions\_change\_compartment
* oci\_announcements\_service\_announcement\_subscriptions\_filter\_group

apigateway

* oci\_apigateway\_api
* oci\_apigateway\_gateway
* oci\_apigateway\_deployment
* oci\_apigateway\_certificate
* oci\_apigateway\_subscriber
* oci\_apigateway\_usage\_plan

apm

* oci\_apm\_apm\_domain

apm_config

* oci\_apm\_config\_config

apm_synthetics

* oci\_apm\_synthetics\_script
* oci\_apm\_synthetics\_monitor
* oci\_apm\_synthetics\_dedicated\_vantage\_point

artifacts

* oci\_artifacts\_container\_configuration
* oci\_artifacts\_container\_repository
* oci\_artifacts\_container\_image\_signature
* oci\_artifacts\_repository
* oci\_artifacts\_generic\_artifact

auto_scaling

* oci\_autoscaling\_auto\_scaling\_configuration

bastion

* oci\_bastion\_bastion
* oci\_bastion\_session

bds

* oci\_bds\_bds\_instance
* oci\_bds\_auto\_scaling\_configuration
* oci\_bds\_bds\_instance\_api\_key
* oci\_bds\_bds\_instance\_metastore\_config

blockchain

* oci\_blockchain\_blockchain\_platform
* oci\_blockchain\_peer
* oci\_blockchain\_osn

budget

* oci\_budget\_budget
* oci\_budget\_alert\_rule

certificates_management

* oci\_certificates\_management\_ca\_bundle
* oci\_certificates\_management\_certificate\_authority
* oci\_certificates\_management\_certificate

cloud_bridge

* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_agent\_plugin
* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_agent\_dependency
* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_environment
* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_agent
* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_asset\_source
* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_discovery\_schedule
* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_asset
* oci\_cloud\_bridge\_inventory

cloud_guard

* oci\_cloud\_guard\_target
* oci\_cloud\_guard\_managed\_list
* oci\_cloud\_guard\_responder\_recipe
* oci\_cloud\_guard\_data\_mask\_rule
* oci\_cloud\_guard\_detector\_recipe
* oci\_cloud\_guard\_security\_recipe
* oci\_cloud\_guard\_security\_zone
* oci\_cloud\_guard\_data\_source

cloud_migrations

* oci\_cloud\_migrations\_migration\_asset
* oci\_cloud\_migrations\_migration\_plan
* oci\_cloud\_migrations\_target\_asset
* oci\_cloud\_migrations\_migration
* oci\_cloud\_migrations\_replication\_schedule

compute_cloud_at_customer
    
* oci\_compute\_cloud\_at\_customer\_ccc\_upgrade\_schedule
* oci\_compute\_cloud\_at\_customer\_ccc\_infrastructure

container_instances

* oci\_container\_instances\_container\_instance

containerengine

* oci\_containerengine\_cluster
* oci\_containerengine\_node\_pool
* oci\_containerengine\_virtual\_node\_pool
* oci\_containerengine\_addon
* oci\_containerengine\_cluster\_workload\_mapping

core

* oci\_core\_boot\_volume\_backup
* oci\_core\_boot\_volume
* oci\_core\_console\_history
* oci\_core\_cluster\_network
* oci\_core\_compute\_image\_capability\_schema
* oci\_core\_compute\_capacity\_reservation
* oci\_core\_cpe
* oci\_core\_cross\_connect\_group
* oci\_core\_cross\_connect
* oci\_core\_dhcp\_options
* oci\_core\_drg\_attachment
* oci\_core\_drg
* oci\_core\_dedicated\_vm\_host
* oci\_core\_image
* oci\_core\_instance\_configuration
* oci\_core\_instance\_console\_connection
* oci\_core\_instance\_pool\_instance
* oci\_core\_instance\_pool
* oci\_core\_instance
* oci\_core\_internet\_gateway
* oci\_core\_ipsec
* oci\_core\_local\_peering\_gateway
* oci\_core\_nat\_gateway
* oci\_core\_network\_security\_group
* oci\_core\_network\_security\_group\_security\_rule
* oci\_core\_private\_ip
* oci\_core\_public\_ip
* oci\_core\_remote\_peering\_connection
* oci\_core\_route\_table
* oci\_core\_security\_list
* oci\_core\_service\_gateway
* oci\_core\_subnet
* oci\_core\_vcn
* oci\_core\_vlan
* oci\_core\_virtual\_circuit
* oci\_core\_vnic\_attachment
* oci\_core\_volume\_attachment
* oci\_core\_volume\_backup
* oci\_core\_volume\_backup\_policy
* oci\_core\_volume\_backup\_policy\_assignment
* oci\_core\_volume\_group
* oci\_core\_volume\_group\_backup
* oci\_core\_volume
* oci\_core\_public\_ip\_pool
* oci\_core\_ipv6
* oci\_core\_drg\_route\_table
* oci\_core\_drg\_route\_distribution
* oci\_core\_drg\_route\_table\_route\_rule
* oci\_core\_capture\_filter
* oci\_core\_vtap
* oci\_core\_compute\_cluster
* oci\_core\_compute\_capacity\_report

data_labeling_service

* oci\_data\_labeling\_service\_dataset

data_safe

* oci\_data\_safe\_data\_safe\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_data\_safe\_on\_prem\_connector
* oci\_data\_safe\_target\_database
* oci\_data\_safe\_security\_assessment
* oci\_data\_safe\_user\_assessment
* oci\_data\_safe\_unset\_security\_assessment\_baseline
* oci\_data\_safe\_report\_definition
* oci\_data\_safe\_audit\_trail
* oci\_data\_safe\_alert
* oci\_data\_safe\_audit\_archive\_retrieval
* oci\_data\_safe\_audit\_profile
* oci\_data\_safe\_audit\_policy
* oci\_data\_safe\_target\_alert\_policy\_association
* oci\_data\_safe\_sensitive\_type
* oci\_data\_safe\_masking\_policy
* oci\_data\_safe\_masking\_policies\_masking\_column
* oci\_data\_safe\_library\_masking\_format
* oci\_data\_safe\_sensitive\_data\_model
* oci\_data\_safe\_sensitive\_data\_models\_sensitive\_column
* oci\_data\_safe\_discovery\_jobs\_result
* oci\_data\_safe\_discovery\_job
* oci\_data\_safe\_sdm\_masking\_policy\_difference

database

* oci\_database\_autonomous\_container\_database
* oci\_database\_autonomous\_container\_database\_dataguard\_association
* oci\_database\_autonomous\_database
* oci\_database\_autonomous\_exadata\_infrastructure
* oci\_database\_autonomous\_vm\_cluster
* oci\_database\_backup\_destination
* oci\_database\_backup
* oci\_database\_database
* oci\_database\_db\_home
* oci\_database\_db\_node
* oci\_database\_db\_system
* oci\_database\_exadata\_infrastructure
* oci\_database\_vm\_cluster\_network
* oci\_database\_vm\_cluster
* oci\_database\_database\_software\_image
* oci\_database\_cloud\_exadata\_infrastructure
* oci\_database\_cloud\_vm\_cluster
* oci\_database\_key\_store
* oci\_database\_external\_container\_database
* oci\_database\_external\_pluggable\_database
* oci\_database\_external\_non\_container\_database
* oci\_database\_external\_database\_connector
* oci\_database\_pluggable\_database
* oci\_database\_vm\_cluster\_add\_virtual\_machine
* oci\_database\_vm\_cluster\_remove\_virtual\_machine
* oci\_database\_cloud\_autonomous\_vm\_cluster
* oci\_database\_application\_vip
* oci\_database\_oneoff\_patch

database_migration

* oci\_database\_migration\_connection
* oci\_database\_migration\_migration

database_tools

* oci\_database\_tools\_database\_tools\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_database\_tools\_database\_tools\_connection

datacatalog

* oci\_datacatalog\_catalog
* oci\_datacatalog\_data\_asset
* oci\_datacatalog\_connection
* oci\_datacatalog\_catalog\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_datacatalog\_metastore

dataflow

* oci\_dataflow\_application
* oci\_dataflow\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_dataflow\_run\_statement
* oci\_dataflow\_pool
* oci\_dataflow\_sql\_endpoint

dataintegration

* oci\_dataintegration\_workspace
* oci\_dataintegration\_workspace\_project
* oci\_dataintegration\_workspace\_folder
* oci\_dataintegration\_workspace\_application
* oci\_dataintegration\_workspace\_import\_request
* oci\_dataintegration\_workspace\_export\_request

datascience

* oci\_datascience\_project
* oci\_datascience\_notebook\_session
* oci\_datascience\_model
* oci\_datascience\_model\_provenance
* oci\_datascience\_model\_deployment
* oci\_datascience\_job
* oci\_datascience\_job\_run
* oci\_datascience\_pipeline\_run
* oci\_datascience\_pipeline
* oci\_datascience\_data\_science\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_datascience\_model\_version\_set

devops

* oci\_devops\_project
* oci\_devops\_deploy\_environment
* oci\_devops\_deploy\_artifact
* oci\_devops\_deploy\_pipeline
* oci\_devops\_deploy\_stage
* oci\_devops\_deployment
* oci\_devops\_repository
* oci\_devops\_repository\_ref
* oci\_devops\_build\_pipeline
* oci\_devops\_build\_run
* oci\_devops\_connection
* oci\_devops\_build\_pipeline\_stage
* oci\_devops\_trigger
* oci\_devops\_repository\_mirror

disaster_recovery

* oci\_disaster\_recovery\_dr\_protection\_group
* oci\_disaster\_recovery\_dr\_plan\_execution
* oci\_disaster\_recovery\_dr\_plan

dns

* oci\_dns\_zone
* oci\_dns\_steering\_policy
* oci\_dns\_steering\_policy\_attachment
* oci\_dns\_tsig\_key
* oci\_dns\_rrset
* oci\_dns\_resolver
* oci\_dns\_resolver\_endpoint
* oci\_dns\_view

em_warehouse

* oci\_em\_warehouse\_em\_warehouse

email

* oci\_email\_suppression
* oci\_email\_sender
* oci\_email\_email\_domain
* oci\_email\_dkim

events

* oci\_events\_rule

file_storage

* oci\_file\_storage\_file\_system
* oci\_file\_storage\_mount\_target
* oci\_file\_storage\_export
* oci\_file\_storage\_snapshot
* oci\_file\_storage\_replication
* oci\_file\_storage\_filesystem\_snapshot\_policy
* oci\_file\_storage\_outbound\_connector

functions

* oci\_functions\_application
* oci\_functions\_function

fusion_apps

* oci\_fusion\_apps\_fusion\_environment\_refresh\_activity
* oci\_fusion\_apps\_fusion\_environment\_admin\_user
* oci\_fusion\_apps\_fusion\_environment\_service\_attachment
* oci\_fusion\_apps\_fusion\_environment\_family
* oci\_fusion\_apps\_fusion\_environment
* oci\_fusion\_apps\_fusion\_environment\_data\_masking\_activity

golden_gate

* oci\_golden\_gate\_database\_registration
* oci\_golden\_gate\_deployment
* oci\_golden\_gate\_deployment\_backup
* oci\_golden\_gate\_connection\_assignment
* oci\_golden\_gate\_connection

health_checks

* oci\_health\_checks\_http\_monitor
* oci\_health\_checks\_ping\_monitor

identity

* oci\_identity\_api\_key
* oci\_identity\_authentication\_policy
* oci\_identity\_auth\_token
* oci\_identity\_compartment
* oci\_identity\_customer\_secret\_key
* oci\_identity\_dynamic\_group
* oci\_identity\_group
* oci\_identity\_identity\_provider
* oci\_identity\_idp\_group\_mapping
* oci\_identity\_policy
* oci\_identity\_smtp\_credential
* oci\_identity\_ui\_password
* oci\_identity\_user\_group\_membership
* oci\_identity\_user
* oci\_identity\_tag\_default
* oci\_identity\_tag\_namespace
* oci\_identity\_tag
* oci\_identity\_network\_source
* oci\_identity\_domain
* oci\_identity\_db\_credential
* oci\_identity\_import\_standard\_tags\_management

identity_data_plane

* oci\_identity\_data\_plane\_generate\_scoped\_access\_token

identity_domains
    
* oci\_identity\_domains\_user
* oci\_identity\_domains\_group
* oci\_identity\_domains\_dynamic\_resource\_group
* oci\_identity\_domains\_password\_policy
* oci\_identity\_domains\_identity\_provider
* oci\_identity\_domains\_api\_key
* oci\_identity\_domains\_auth\_token
* oci\_identity\_domains\_customer\_secret\_key
* oci\_identity\_domains\_oauth2client\_credential
* oci\_identity\_domains\_smtp\_credential
* oci\_identity\_domains\_user\_db\_credential
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_api\_key
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_auth\_token
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_customer\_secret\_key
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_oauth2client\_credential
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_smtp\_credential
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_user\_db\_credential
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_support\_account
* oci\_identity\_domains\_authentication\_factor\_setting
* oci\_identity\_domains\_kmsi\_setting
* oci\_identity\_domains\_account\_recovery\_setting
* oci\_identity\_domains\_identity\_setting
* oci\_identity\_domains\_my\_request
* oci\_identity\_domains\_security\_question\_setting
* oci\_identity\_domains\_grant
* oci\_identity\_domains\_app\_role
* oci\_identity\_domains\_app
* oci\_identity\_domains\_security\_question

integration

* oci\_integration\_integration\_instance

jms

* oci\_jms\_fleet

kms

* oci\_kms\_key
* oci\_kms\_key\_version
* oci\_kms\_vault
* oci\_kms\_sign
* oci\_kms\_verify
* oci\_kms\_ekms\_private\_endpoint

license_manager

* oci\_license\_manager\_configuration
* oci\_license\_manager\_product\_license
* oci\_license\_manager\_license\_record

limits

* oci\_limits\_quota

load_balancer

* oci\_load\_balancer\_backend
* oci\_load\_balancer\_backend\_set
* oci\_load\_balancer\_certificate
* oci\_load\_balancer\_hostname
* oci\_load\_balancer\_listener
* oci\_load\_balancer\_load\_balancer
* oci\_load\_balancer\_path\_route\_set
* oci\_load\_balancer\_load\_balancer\_routing\_policy
* oci\_load\_balancer\_rule\_set

log_analytics

* oci\_log\_analytics\_log\_analytics\_object\_collection\_rule
* oci\_log\_analytics\_log\_analytics\_import\_custom\_content
* oci\_log\_analytics\_namespace\_scheduled\_task
* oci\_log\_analytics\_log\_analytics\_preferences\_management
* oci\_log\_analytics\_log\_analytics\_unprocessed\_data\_bucket\_management
* oci\_log\_analytics\_log\_analytics\_resource\_categories\_management
* oci\_log\_analytics\_namespace\_ingest\_time\_rule

logging

* oci\_logging\_log\_group
* oci\_logging\_log
* oci\_logging\_log\_saved\_search
* oci\_logging\_unified\_agent\_configuration

management_agent

* oci\_management\_agent\_management\_agent
* oci\_management\_agent\_management\_agent\_install\_key

marketplace

* oci\_marketplace\_accepted\_agreement
* oci\_marketplace\_publication

media_services

* oci\_media\_services\_stream\_packaging\_config
* oci\_media\_services\_media\_workflow
* oci\_media\_services\_stream\_distribution\_channel
* oci\_media\_services\_media\_workflow\_job
* oci\_media\_services\_stream\_cdn\_config
* oci\_media\_services\_media\_asset
* oci\_media\_services\_media\_workflow\_configuration

metering_computation

* oci\_metering\_computation\_query
* oci\_metering\_computation\_custom\_table
* oci\_metering\_computation\_schedule

monitoring

* oci\_monitoring\_alarm

mysql

* oci\_mysql\_mysql\_configuration
* oci\_mysql\_heat\_wave\_cluster
* oci\_mysql\_mysql\_backup
* oci\_mysql\_mysql\_db\_system
* oci\_mysql\_channel
* oci\_mysql\_replica

network_firewall

* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_address\_list
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_url\_list
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_mapped\_secret
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_application\_group
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_decryption\_rule
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_security\_rule
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_application
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_service\_list
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_service
* oci\_network\_firewall\_network\_firewall\_policy\_decryption\_profile

network_load_balancer

* oci\_network\_load\_balancer\_network\_load\_balancer
* oci\_network\_load\_balancer\_backend\_set
* oci\_network\_load\_balancer\_backend\_sets\_health\_checker
* oci\_network\_load\_balancer\_backend
* oci\_network\_load\_balancer\_listener

nosql

* oci\_nosql\_table
* oci\_nosql\_index

object_storage

* oci\_objectstorage\_bucket
* oci\_objectstorage\_object\_lifecycle\_policy
* oci\_objectstorage\_object
* oci\_objectstorage\_preauthrequest
* oci\_objectstorage\_replication\_policy

oce

* oci\_oce\_oce\_instance

ocvp

* oci\_ocvp\_sddc
* oci\_ocvp\_esxi\_host

oda

* oci\_oda\_oda\_instance
* oci\_oda\_oda\_private\_endpoint\_attachment
* oci\_oda\_oda\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_oda\_oda\_private\_endpoint\_scan\_proxy

ons

* oci\_ons\_notification\_topic
* oci\_ons\_subscription

opa

* oci\_opa\_opa\_instance

opensearch

* oci\_opensearch\_opensearch\_cluster

operator_access_control

* oci\_operator\_access\_control\_operator\_control
* oci\_operator\_access\_control\_operator\_control\_assignment

opsi

* oci\_opsi\_enterprise\_manager\_bridge
* oci\_opsi\_database\_insight
* oci\_opsi\_host\_insight
* oci\_opsi\_exadata\_insight
* oci\_opsi\_awr\_hub
* oci\_opsi\_operations\_insights\_warehouse\_user
* oci\_opsi\_operations\_insights\_warehouse
* oci\_opsi\_operations\_insights\_warehouse\_download\_warehouse\_wallet
* oci\_opsi\_operations\_insights\_warehouse\_rotate\_warehouse\_wallet
* oci\_opsi\_operations\_insights\_private\_endpoint
* oci\_opsi\_opsi\_configuration
* oci\_opsi\_news\_report

optimizer

* oci\_optimizer\_profile

os_management_hub
    
* oci\_os\_management\_hub\_lifecycle\_environment
* oci\_os\_management\_hub\_software\_source
* oci\_os\_management\_hub\_managed\_instance\_group
* oci\_os\_management\_hub\_management\_station
* oci\_os\_management\_hub\_profile

osmanagement

* oci\_osmanagement\_managed\_instance
* oci\_osmanagement\_managed\_instance\_group
* oci\_osmanagement\_software\_source

osp_gateway

* oci\_osp\_gateway\_subscription
* oci\_osp\_gateway\_address\_action\_verification

queue

* oci\_queue\_queue

recovery

* oci\_recovery\_recovery\_service\_subnet
* oci\_recovery\_protected\_database
* oci\_recovery\_protection\_policy

redis
    
* oci\_redis\_redis\_cluster

resourcemanager

* oci\_resourcemanager\_private\_endpoint

sch

* oci\_sch\_service\_connector

service_mesh

* oci\_service\_mesh\_virtual\_service
* oci\_service\_mesh\_access\_policy
* oci\_service\_mesh\_mesh
* oci\_service\_mesh\_ingress\_gateway\_route\_table
* oci\_service\_mesh\_virtual\_service\_route\_table
* oci\_service\_mesh\_virtual\_deployment
* oci\_service\_mesh\_ingress\_gateway

stack_monitoring

* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_monitored\_resource
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_discovery\_job
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_monitored\_resources\_list\_member
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_monitored\_resources\_search\_association
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_monitored\_resources\_search
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_monitored\_resources\_associate\_monitored\_resource
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_config
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_monitored\_resource\_task
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_monitored\_resource\_type
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_metric\_extension
* oci\_stack\_monitoring\_baselineable\_metric

streaming

* oci\_streaming\_connect\_harness
* oci\_streaming\_stream\_pool
* oci\_streaming\_stream

usage_proxy

* oci\_usage\_proxy\_subscription\_redeemable\_user

vault

* oci\_vault\_secret

vbs_inst

* oci\_vbs\_inst\_vbs\_instance

visual_builder

* oci\_visual\_builder\_vb\_instance

vn_monitoring

* oci\_vn\_monitoring\_path\_analyzer\_test
* oci\_vn\_monitoring\_path\_analysi

vulnerability_scanning

* oci\_vulnerability\_scanning\_host\_scan\_recipe
* oci\_vulnerability\_scanning\_host\_scan\_target
* oci\_vulnerability\_scanning\_container\_scan\_recipe
* oci\_vulnerability\_scanning\_container\_scan\_target

waa

* oci\_waa\_web\_app\_acceleration\_policy
* oci\_waa\_web\_app\_acceleration

waas

* oci\_waas\_address\_list
* oci\_waas\_custom\_protection\_rule
* oci\_waas\_http\_redirect
* oci\_waas\_waas\_policy

waf

* oci\_waf\_web\_app\_firewall\_policy
* oci\_waf\_web\_app\_firewall
* oci\_waf\_network\_address\_list
